 Club Three.  I'm gonna cut right to the chase.  Are we getting the embarrassing Mike story  in this episode or not?  Is this the Club Three or we get it?  And it doesn't have to be, I'm just trying to,  I'm trying to keep that ball in the air.  No, I think that's right.  So it doesn't just go in the gutter.  Have I heard this story before?  No.  No, no, no, no, no.  I don't know that I've told this to anyone I've met  in the last 13 years.  Well, I don't think.  So it's gonna open way up.  We're getting above a thousand at least.  Yeah, does Lindsay know the story?  I don't even know.  She might not.  I think maybe, you know what?  Maybe she does know the story, but that's it.  I don't think any of my macho male friends,  I would never tell them this story  because it makes me look like too much of a grade A wimp.  So.  I know how much the macho reputation.  Yeah.  Because look, you're Mr. Rock and Roll.  You're Mr. Hammered.  You're Mr. Peace.  You told us that you had a drink at 11 a.m. one,  at 10 a.m. at a bachelor party.  That you liked it that one time.  It was a bucket of beers and I had a couple of those beers.  Each did do a bucket.  A whole bucket.  The waiter could not handle how many drinks there were.  They had to acquire that bucket from behind the bar.  And there was a bucket had to be acquired at this bachelor.  It was a bucket bachelor party.  And here you have him safe.  You know what I'm remembering now  is that we were at the Hard Rock,  no, we were at the Planet Hollywood  and we were at the pool  and there was a bathing suit contest that day  at the pool as well, now that I'm remembering.  Oh me, oh my.  Yeah.  It was a whole thing.  Color scheme, stitching, like what are we judging here?  I think they really weren't specific.  I think it was just there was a lot of music playing  and some nice young ladies would kind of come on  under this catwalk that was constructed over the water.  And then a bunch of gentlemen would cheer.  Well I hope that you took a coaster or something  and put it above all,  or covered everything below their necks.  Yeah.  Because otherwise that would be a rude way  to look at these nice young ladies.  You know, cat bless them.  It's very nerve wracking for some people to get on stage.  So that they put themselves out there like that  and it's very, very confident.  Well that's what I said at the time  and that's why I was supporting it.  It's nice to see some confidence on display.  Yeah.  And that's all that it's nice to see.  And I will cease to look in that direction.  That's right.  Now show me to the bucket.  I have beers to drink.  You know what, I had a beer at 4 p.m. yesterday  alone at the Whole Foods in Burbank.  How about that?  Mm-hmm. Yeah.  And I typed on my computer while I did it,  while I drank it.  It was a working beer.  It was a working beer.  Very rare, but yes.  Well, all right, that's good.  You know, we're getting perilously close  to 11 a.m. with that, but.  Yeah, but it's not quite, yeah.  I will, you know.  I admire your confidence.  Thank you.  I think that the topic will come in  and will present itself the perfect opportunity  for the story.  And I was not asking to say,  hey, tell it right now at the top of the No I Know.  The top three episode about Disneyland smoking areas.  Again, I just didn't want it to get lost.  Yeah, I mean, keep that ball in the air.  The Minotaur is still in the air.  There's a couple threads here  that will have to be paid off eventually.  But yeah, no, I think we're gonna get the topic  and I'm gonna go, oh my God, it's that.  There it is.  Well.  I think, this is just a feeling I have,  but maybe, we'll see.  Mm-hmm.  Is the top, is it what it'll be like  getting your dick caught in an elevator?  Is the top, uh-oh.  That's exactly what happened.  Yeah, no.  It might be very specific.  It could be, we'll see.  It could be, yeah, it could be very specific.  I'm trying to, there's a ride we've probably already  discussed that I could have come up on, I think.  But we'll talk about it.  Is that too big of a hint?  No, I don't think so.  What's the ride?  It's one of the Epcot rides,  but as we've talked about before,  it's hard to remember sometimes specifically  what ride was what when you were younger  going on Epcot rides.  Was it World of Motion?  Was it?  Oh, I can probably parse it.  I do remember, I really watched them all a lot  for some of these episodes.  I'll tell you the reason I specifically don't remember  anything about the ride is because I was like,  like so nervous on it.  I was just nervous about what was happening.  Like, so I was not focused on the actual ride itself at all.  I know it was not Spaceship Earth, though.  But it's something that happens,  something that happened to you.  There's so many parts, multi-day, it's multi-day.  It is involves other things and friends in high school  and like seeming betrayals at the time,  which weren't betrayals at all, but embarrassing,  like embarrassing failings on my part and naivete.  Is it an adventure that takes you to space and the seas?  If so, then you're thinking of horizons.  Is it a horizon type adventure?  This is the thing is, I wish if we could,  one of these times, one of these months,  I should go to like a hypnotist and see if I can really  like unleash this memory to remember what ride I was on.  You were on a ride.  Well, for part of this story,  sort of the part of the story,  the major part of the story, I was not on a ride.  Okay, I was gonna say, I didn't think it was.  But there is a little part of the story  where I'm on a ride at Epcot  and I try to figure out if what I think I've completely  bungled, if I did indeed bungle it.  This is relevant then.  Yeah.  Yeah, no, it's very.  Is this just like incomplete hand stuff?  No, it's not.  Okay.  You're giving me too much credit when you even.  I always give you credit.  Assume there's anything sexual at all.  He's like, I got your number.  This is incomplete hand stuff, isn't it?  You tallies, you tall tights,  you have that confidence about you,  although it doesn't seem like you're tall.  Incomplete hand stuff.  I got half a hand job on horizons.  I mean, the way you were saying things started  and that it was incomplete.  Yeah, I mean, it has to do with  it's not out of the realm of possibility.  It has to do with, yeah, yeah.  Also, we built all this up,  so now I wanna hear the story.  You do know you don't have to tell it on this podcast.  No, I know, I'll tell it, it's fine.  Wow. It's okay.  It's just, it is, it's just so pain,  when I think about it,  it took me a couple years of doing the podcast  for me to realize that this was a directly  Walt Disney World related story.  And I was like, oh,  cause I really try to block it out  cause it just feels like if there's a perfect,  if there's a perfect like summation  for my romantic failings as a teen,  it's this story.  This is the perfect version.  It's long and it's a little, some twists and turns.  And it's just like, I think about it and I go, oh God.  It just makes me wince still,  even though I'm a much older man.  Youthful old, much older man.  When you lay this out to your co-hosts  and this audience who I expect,  the group that I just said has 100% success  in their romantic endeavors as teens.  They're gonna make fun of me.  Everyone's gonna make fun of me.  Perfect runs for all of us.  The shame that you'll feel.  And yeah, now at this point,  now Jesus, I've hyped this so much.  Yeah, you've opened a candle for it  where this is going to be one of the voted on topics  for the next month.  I think you were probably correct.  The story is gonna be.  Do you wanna take that off the table?  Yeah, I mean you can.  Or do you wanna make that a sub?  Ooh, here's the, oh shoot.  Should I, I mean we can do, we talk about Club 3.  We're adding things to the charter essentially  so we could vote on it.  Is the story off the table?  And you both could override me  and force the story as an episode.  It seems to me like a week full topic that it's just,  unless it's a 90 minute story.  I don't, it doesn't feel like a 90 minute story,  but I guess I could weave a real tale  about high school for you if you want.  I can certainly stretch, I know how to stretch.  If you included some of the music,  if you put the band in it too.  Oh yeah, I guess I could do that.  I could, can I find the CD of,  the mixed song CD I made for the bus ride  that includes Red Hot Chili Peppers by the way,  because it had just come out.  Yeah, I got some fresh,  I got some fresh Hot Chili Peppers on here.  Yeah, yeah, no this just came out.  I still got it, but I got it on the mixing time.  Yeah, I think that was maybe track one.  And it was a radio rip of it I remember too,  because it was like the first single on the radio.  Somebody ripped it and then put it into an MP3.  So then I grabbed it.  Yeah, I just stole this from Clear Channel.  I don't even care.  Yeah.  You know, they deserve it.  They're an evil corporation.  And recently, I just learned this year  that corporations are evil.  Yeah, it was, yeah, I was talking a lot.  Probably said a lot of dumb shit.  Well, I guess, I don't know.  Maybe we have to leave it to the audience.  Is this to be one of the four topics  that we harvest for next month?  I'm not gonna force you to do this.  No, and I think you're right.  I think it has to come up on its own time.  I'm sure it's something,  I bet something will cue it off organically.  Where it's like, okay, I can't not tell it now,  because like the berries and cream,  that little weird little guy commercial,  comes into play.  Something gets referenced from the 2000s.  Jason's thinking of something from his own life.  This came back around recently on the internet.  It was for, I think, those Hershey,  was it the smoothies?  The strawberry and cream hard candies?  Oh, I have those.  It was a weird medieval guy in a modern setting.  And he was like, berries and cream, berries and cream.  It is, it's very annoying.  It was a very annoying commercial from like 20 years ago.  I would like to put the topic  of the berries and cream commercial  on the charter from next month.  Great.  If people wanna vote on that.  Yeah, well, it's just up to somebody now.  The protocol is that someone has to suggest it.  We can parse, I think just try to back topic suggestions  into if you think that it's one  that might provoke one like story.  Well, I mean, people could be like.  It's a good example of like the funny,  cause it's random humor that was so popular  in the early 2000s, I think.  Like it kinda sucks, but it's like,  oh, I see why people are like,  oh, did you see that fucking thing?  Which thankfully died off and commercials today  are smart, well-written and rarely.  Patriotic. Relying on randomness.  Yeah. From the point of.  They are perfect now. The comedic value.  Okay, so we do need four topics.  Please suggest the way the incumbents  that'll face off against those.  Escape to Margaritaville, the musical.  That was the runner up, I believe.  Last time.  I was gonna say, I was, it is not,  I know you guys saw it.  It has not really come up in full on the show.  I was wondering if that bodes poorly.  That it does not. We can talk about it.  I mean, we probably would have done it  cause it was the last thing we did  before the pandemic started.  I don't know, it's kind of just like a pleasant time,  honestly.  So, so I'm not, maybe I'm, maybe then I'll make people  want us to hear us talk about it.  But it wasn't like. Last minute rush tickets,  I feel like.  Was that how we ended up there?  We gotta hear that story. We love that.  We gotta hear how that played out last minute.  I'm just saying this, it's not like you go,  yeah, then they sang Volcano and then they did this.  And it's not like, it's not as good as like,  like Rumpy from Swine Knot,  Jimmy Buffett's book about the pig doesn't appear.  Like it doesn't have some like deep,  I'm sure there's some Buffett Easter eggs I missed,  but like it doesn't have,  there's not a lot of like crazy stuff in it,  is what I'm saying.  Interesting.  So if you want us to do it.  It may not have what it takes, is your review.  That's fine, but there's definitely, I mean,  Swine Knot, I think is a better choice for topics.  Putting that out there too.  Why not?  Which Swine Knot, it's, you're saying it's Swine Knot,  not a Rumpy episode.  I'm not saying that actually.  Again, it's up to you.  We are forcing people's hands too much here.  All right, so four topics,  list away in the Patreon comments.  But for now, let us get to today's topic,  which is Disneyland smoking areas.  Really like the suggestion.  Let me read the official quote from Eric B. Madden.  Thank you for the topic.  Congrats on your victory.  After revisiting the Joe Camel episode,  I became yearnful for the days of being able  to enjoy a cigarette at Disneyland.  That being said, my suggestion is a retrospective  on the old smoking spots  that were located throughout the park.  Sure.  Can I read the current state of smoking  from the official Disneyland site in 2023?  The current policy here in 2023.  For the comfort of all guests,  smoking is not permitted in the theme parks  and hotels of the Disneyland Resort,  the esplanade between the parks  where the downtown Disney district.  So yeah, that's the current state.  Party's over, folks.  No more smoking.  Don't smoke them if you got them.  Don't have them.  Right.  Yeah, you are now, I mean, I'm not sure  where is the closest place to Disneyland Park  that you can smoke.  I'm not exactly sure of the hotel policy at this point.  It's obviously changed.  There were once smoking rooms  and there are not smoking rooms now.  But I know it is at least outside of security  because now things have changed  where you gotta go through security  to be in the downtown Disney district at all.  Yeah.  It's not happening anywhere near between those.  It's not happening in those parks.  It's not happening in the space between those parks.  Yeah.  I, it's funny.  I do have to let my dad know this  because him and my brother are coming out to visit  in the fall and I don't think he realized that.  It's like, by the way, he doesn't smoke anymore  but he jewels.  Like he got off tobacco with blue e-cigarettes  and when those stopped being like readily available,  he begrudgingly switched to jewel.  What are his, do you know what his flavors are?  I don't think there's many left.  I think it's like tobacco or menthol  or sweet Virginia tobacco.  Oh really?  They give them names now to encourage you to not do it.  So you can smoke guilt grape.  Like mango.  Feel bad fruit.  Feel bad passion fruit.  I think they legislated the fruit snack flavors  out of existence.  Oh they did.  I didn't know this.  I know, I didn't know a lot of smoking stuff  that I learned today.  So now it tastes like, you can choose sand.  You can choose termites.  It tastes like tobacco juice.  Basically.  Glass.  Dirty glass.  I mean they say people.  Extra sour milk.  They say people in general are smoking less and less  and I think you see that as the Disneyland smoking areas  get less, there's less and less of them.  Well I think the question is yes,  is it the tale of smoking decreasing in this country  or did they force the tale?  Are they part of, as with us,  forcing the hand of our audience in the topics?  Yeah.  Or did they cause the story via their smoking policies?  I think if it was still as popular as it was in the 90s,  they would not wanna leave money on the table.  Yes, like Alienate, a big part of their audience base.  They must have been hearing more of,  I don't want secondhand smoke blown at me  when I'm in the park.  Yeah.  When I'm with my kids.  That must have been more definite.  I think that's a valid complaint.  And I think like, first of all,  I didn't realize or forgot  that it had been completely taken out of the park  because I go, oh yeah, there's those couple sections  where you can smoke.  So those things were pretty, I don't know, out of the way.  I guess some of the Fantasyland, Big Thunder,  that was sort of the most prominent one in my memory.  But they must have really felt like there was not the demand  to get rid of a couple places  that I couldn't even quite remember,  even though we went constantly for a decade.  Well, I think a big thing that did that  was the opening of Galaxy's Edge in 2019.  Because one of the big last smoking areas in the park  was that crop of benches on the way to Big Thunder Ranch.  And they're like, oh, no more smoking there.  We'll need that for the rush of people  waiting to get into Galaxy's Edge.  That's a good point.  The announcement is simultaneous  that smoking areas are going away  and that the giant strollers  are not gonna be tolerated anymore.  You can't bring a big wagon  and now we all see the rectangle that shows you  what your stroller has to fit in.  These happen at the same time,  so it's almost like they're pinning it on,  it's a space issue, it's a crowd flow issue.  And I don't know if that's hiding,  I don't know if that's them trying to get off  or just like sweep it under the rug.  Because they also made people angry  with the other announcement, I think.  I think people really wanted to take their baby RVs  into the park still.  So maybe they thought, well, we can get some of the heat  on this if we announce this other thing too.  But it does seem like it's all,  you're very right that that Big Thunder one going away  has gotta be in the effort to like,  boy, we're gonna get, there's just gonna be throngs  heading right through here.  Yeah, but I remember my dad,  when he came out and visited in 2008,  and a very fond memory of sitting on the old fantasy land,  that little strip of that dock that the boat,  used to be the boat dock.  The motorboat crew.  The motorboat.  So it was where you loaded for the,  it's like the water version of Autopia.  And it just became this kind of oddly long, narrow patio  that seems kind of pleasant, maybe a good place to smoke.  It's where Jane and I sat and like ate popcorn  and met that weird bird who was like really giving us the eye  right after Disneyland reopened.  You're bringing this up like that weird bird.  It's stuck with me.  I needn't say the weird bird story.  I think she was, it was a story where she was like,  oh, look at that cute bird.  And I'm like, that beak is really long and really sharp.  I don't want it near me.  Did you tell this on the podcast?  I think I told it on the reopening,  but we were also crazed and we were also excited  to be back in the park.  The bird, we were all too crazed to remember it.  Yeah, in the spring of 2021, if you can believe it.  The bird with the deadly beak.  Yeah.  The bird has gone back.  I don't remember this at all.  I don't.  I'm gonna find the bird.  Were you worried that you'd get poked or stabbed?  Yeah, I was worried about it like stabbing us  as it ate like ground popcorn  that the people before us had dropped.  So, yeah.  Because you weren't dropping popcorn yourself.  You're like, I don't want this.  I don't want to attract this thing.  Yeah.  It's delicious.  It's delicious, it's salty.  It goes great with the Coca Cola we got.  You felt threatened because you wanted to eat the popcorn.  We were, yeah, we were both alpha predators  and we were eyeing each other up.  This feels like maybe,  I don't know, how could we have glossed over this?  I feel like this evil pointy beaked bird  would have been a whole runner on this episode.  We were crazed.  If you listen to the episode,  it's like we just snorted a bunch of meth.  We were so excited to be back.  Anyway, so 2008, that was the smoking dock.  But by the time he came out to visit again in 2015,  the smoking area had shifted to that sort of weird outcrop  of benches by the Matterhorn and the subs.  It just kind of set off from the pathway.  Okay.  I have no memory of that one.  That was one of the last standing ones that I saw.  At the risk of like jumping ahead,  but I think as we tell the story,  it'll kind of take this shape.  I feel like it generally goes from,  all right, people want to smoke,  but we don't want the smoke to spread  to people who don't want it.  So what if we sort of like create these little special areas  and we'll still do a little bit of Disney touches  and we'll try to make it somewhere nice  and somewhere shady and somewhere that's still as,  or that's scenic, you know,  as a little bit of Disney magic.  And then by the end of the run, it's like,  this is your cage.  Stay in your cage.  Do your dirty deed in your cage.  Wrap it up.  Do not bring it out of the cage.  Yeah, it is.  Yes, no, you're correct.  It is interesting.  That's one of the things I,  we've talked about this on the show maybe  where the change in society in general happened so quickly.  Because when we were in college,  bars were full of smoke.  Yeah.  And shortly after they were not,  other than in Las Vegas.  And I should say American society because-  I looked at the Shanghai Disneyland website  and there are 16 smoking areas in the park.  Yes, there's a ton there.  Disneyland Paris might be down to a dozen  between the two parks,  but somewhere between 16 and a dozen.  In France, you're allowed to smoke in front of Goofy.  You're in front of Mickey, you blow it in his face.  Yeah.  Yeah, you know, it's interesting to see, yeah.  Cause there's a big map, a fun map  showing you all the places to smoke in France and Shanghai.  Yeah.  Yeah.  So they're depriving us of kind of a scavenger hunt.  That's like a fun collect them all  that we don't get here anymore.  If you're not into pin trading,  then what else am I supposed to,  how do I make sure that I've seen all the little,  I don't know, you just have to go to former locations.  That's what you have to do.  They've deprived people of smoking around the world  at World Showcase and Epcot Center, you know?  Oh yeah.  Have a different cigarette in each country.  That was a thing, again,  recalling Sheridan family vacation memories.  You could still smoke at the hotels there.  You walk out the building and make a left or a right  and there's a little smoking, there's an ashtray and a bench.  And then at the entrance of every park,  they're like, over there is the smoking section.  That's where you can smoke,  you can't smoke in the parks anymore.  So do it before you come in.  Did you then on vacations have to wait around?  Or are you like, okay, dad has to go,  he has to go to the smoking spot and smoke and I got to...  Usually if we were like, just getting everyone,  if we were meeting up or if everyone was just getting there,  like maybe half the party would go into the park  and check out some stores while the other half, you know.  Lit up.  Did some plumes.  I don't remember a lot when we were younger.  I think my dad, when he would just come upon them,  when they were in the parks, when he was more avid smoker,  he would just be like, oh, if you guys want to go ahead,  I'm just going to have a cigarette.  You know?  Yeah, it's not, because I was going to say,  if it seems like, if that was slowing you down,  if that's slowing...  And like, I'm imagining this happening  at Islands of Adventure and like, hang on Jason,  don't get on Spider-Man yet, wait for dad.  Islands of Adventure, by the way, Universal Orlando,  you can still smoke in those two parks.  Is that so?  Really?  Yes, it's just the start of this year.  It was down to one location in both park.  In Universal Florida, it's the Lancy Park across from Mummy.  Okay.  And Islands of Adventure, it's that beautiful spot  right at the end of Port of Entry, right at the lagoon.  So the spot I totally want to go to.  It's like, yeah, it used to be the boat launch  is now the smoking.  Oh, Port of Entry is basically just like the smoking section  of Islands of Adventure.  Be careful, Mike.  Don't, you're dancing on getting Club 3 canceled again.  Oh, full of smoke, second hand smoke.  Smell of sweat, man.  You have to rush through it, there's too much smoke.  That's why I rush through Port of Entry,  that's why I never noticed that.  Yeah, get your Starbucks, get your Cinnabon,  get your Parliament, you know?  Get your big puff of somebody else's smoke.  Sure, yeah.  Let me do a bit of timeline laying.  And it's not like I am now an expert  in how smoking goes away in America in general.  But roughly, it seems like end of the 60s  is when we're starting to sound the alarm.  Maybe these things aren't great for you.  Ralph Nader, I think, is a party in that.  Maybe we should start to take these things away  and maybe curb the use of cigarettes in indoor spaces.  And then it seems like the 80s are really where  it really starts to kick into gear,  to where by the late 80s, now,  planes, it's not happening so much.  Restaurants require smoking and non-smoking.  And it's crazy to see, now we just know this.  I mean, it now makes you feel old to have heard that phrase  in your childhood.  Yeah, it's probably.  It seems so far away, smoking in a restaurant.  But yeah, I'm not sure what my point was.  Well, I was gonna say smoking or non-smoking is like theater.  That was the original health theater  in the sense that, or in the same way that,  they're like, COVID, yeah, you wear the mask  to the table inside.  It's like, theater, what are you doing?  If it's in a restaurant, if it's in the plaza,  it's like a plane.  Yeah, right, exactly.  And the plane, non-smoking section of the plane,  I remember going like, oh, non-smoking,  and we sat down and I remember being like,  there's smoke everywhere.  This is one big room.  It could not have come out of my mom's mouth fast enough  when we went in a restaurant and say non-smoking.  And just as quick was the complaints  that you can still smoke in the non-smoking section.  Of course, yeah.  Which she wasn't wrong.  No.  Like in the school, in the Cub Scouts,  I was always told that smoking was poison  and was gonna kill us all.  And then we'd have to go home and tell our parents.  I'd have to be like, well, dad, I know you're a smoker,  but did you know it's killing us all?  They'd say it like, go tell your parents.  I knew there was some.  In this case, you need to do the educating, kiddo.  There was some health assignment in the Cub Scouts.  There was some level of weeblow or tender foot or something  where we had to like, oh, let's talk about health,  you know, discrepancies in daily life.  Let's talk about like health problems in daily life.  Well, smoking, that'll kill you.  I was like, is it gonna kill us all?  Like this week?  Yeah, this week, that was my thing.  I was a nervous child given prone to many fears.  So I was like, well, smoking is gonna kill us all.  What level of Boy Scout did you rise?  What rank did you make?  I think I got up to whatever you hit,  second class or first class, like I got two levels in  and then there was two or three levels after that.  Weeblow and tender, you made it to tender foot?  I think, yeah, I made it to tender foot.  Weeblows were, that was Cub Scouts,  that was before Boy Scouts, I think.  Okay, I know Eagle Scout is like the best.  Yeah, I never got anywhere near that.  That's like the Navy Seal of Boy Scouts.  Nick Weiger and Eagle Scout, is that right?  Oh, maybe, I think.  I think I would believe it.  Yeah.  Did you do Boy Scouts ever?  I did, yeah.  Well, I was about to say,  I didn't wanna be one of those weird older scouts  hanging around. Oh, yeah, yeah.  And then you said the name of someone we like.  Oh, whatever.  I think a little bit of that.  I mean, there was a lot of positive,  the most, a lot of the Boy Scouts that I,  most people wanted to be there  to get access to fire and knives.  I wanted to be a Boy Scout to do the archery,  but my mom was like, no way.  I have that merit badge.  You do?  I do, yeah, I have an archery merit badge.  I saw you shoot a bow and arrow in the desert  and you weren't very good at it, I'll be honest.  Well, it wasn't a very good bow and arrow.  Oh, that is true.  You're right about that.  You mean the free bow and arrow at the Airbnb?  That's correct.  Okay.  I don't know how to tell you this,  I don't think it was kept up very well.  I mean, you're right about that,  but I'm just saying,  it didn't look like you would wield  at a bow and arrow in a while.  Is this a bachelor party story involving you guys  that hasn't been told 15 times on the show?  No, it's not a bachelor party.  It's Marissa Strickland's birthday in the desert.  Yeah.  Yeah.  And Jason shot a bow and arrow, poorly.  Yeah.  Now, hang on, but did you try the bow and arrow?  I don't remember.  Maybe, maybe.  So you're like, yeah, I think I did.  I think it sailed clean out of the,  I think it, I think it went, came back around.  Like it went all the way around the earth.  As I recall.  I remember.  Jason's was not so good.  I remember somebody put an apple on their head  and I split it in two.  That's what I recall.  I just asked the question because tender foot is funny.  Yeah, no, it's funny.  Tender foot is funny.  I didn't know what tender foot is.  I think that's the entry level.  I think that's the first level one.  That does feel, that feels early.  It feels gentle.  Yeah.  But you know, it's one of these things that,  it spreads all through America,  smoking bans and indoor smoking bans,  but Southern California leads the charge on it  and is doing these things first, typically.  Not always, but like 1987, it looks like Beverly Hills  passed laws to ban smoking in restaurant stores  and public gatherings.  And you go back and you look at articles  where people are indignant about every step of this.  I, 87's also, they, LA requires non-smoking areas  and restaurants and they feel, it feels very familiar.  The half of people are, we have to do this  and the other half are Gripen and Grousen.  And it's funny because it's like,  well, this feels like everything.  Like you're saying like masks or guns to bed and extreme,  except that it doesn't fall along the same lines.  Is it like, we're used to every argument in the world  falling along the same stupid lines,  but back then it's a little more mixed up.  Right, right, right.  It's not necessarily a red and blue issue.  Like for example, once it happens at Disneyland,  they talk to a guy at Disneyland,  what do you think about this?  He says, where does it stop?  Indignantly grousing about the country's  increasingly moralistic bent.  Next he muttered, they'll be restricting diaper changing  and breastfeeding.  Which doesn't feel like, yeah,  I think those things need to happen.  Yeah. Yeah, it's a little different.  Small creatures to live.  Yeah.  Yeah, also, yeah, like I need to have a cigarette  as much as a baby needs to not have its poop  soaking around its butt all the time.  But you know what I mean?  Like, doesn't that seem, I read that and I thought,  well, I feel like DeSantis would be the first  to start the discussion of banning breastfeeding in general.  Yeah, yeah.  Well, everything gets mixed around a little bit  as the years go on.  You know, certain parties like end up  like taking the mantle of something, I feel like.  Sure.  Well, maybe you shift hands a little bit.  Stuff shifts a little bit over time.  I don't know, it's probably right  because the lack of social media and cable news  didn't solidify people.  Didn't send people down these specific paths.  Yeah, as much.  So people probably had more stray opinions.  People got to have their own unique anger cocktails.  Yes, exactly. Yeah.  Yeah, versus whatever Gutfeld is saying.  Grousing and complaining about things  is a fine American pastime.  But I think when everyone started living  in their own distinct realities, it became a problem.  Yeah, it seems like Bill here, who's Matt,  who's worried that they're gonna ban diaper changing.  You know, he's out in the park and he seems like  he's got a pleasant girlfriend who disagrees with him  on this issue, but they still like,  and she says, but you know what, he doesn't,  he's courteous with the smoke.  And even though we disagree on this,  this couple I'm reading about as Disneyland bans  or restricts to smoking areas, this is what he's,  this is, it's odd to say, this is like,  he's mad that they might, like, what if they make diapers  be changed in specific areas?  It's like, well, they kind of are.  Yeah. But usually.  Not always. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Sometimes accidents happen, but there are these things  called bathrooms that are specific areas.  With changing tables, yeah. Yeah, yeah.  But he is correct, however, when he says,  where does it stop?  This is a slippery slope that happens.  And slippery slopes usually apply to evil arguments.  Yeah, yeah. To stop any incremental progress  from being made on anything.  It's kind of interesting seeing a slippery slope thing  happen on something that's like for the public health,  but not necessarily a good and evil.  And he's right.  Where did it stop?  It stopped with, now you can't smoke at Disneyland anymore.  So Bill was right.  Right. How old do you think Bill was back?  Does it say? 57.  Oh, you said it, okay.  It says the Los Angeles Times.  So Bill is, if he's alive, maybe he lived to see  what he was afraid of, and then it didn't end up, yeah.  Or Bill quit smoking, maybe.  Possibly, yes.  Maybe the societal change, yeah, where does it stop?  It stops right in here, he says, pointing to his heart.  Yeah, it did.  They gradually got rid of it.  I wonder if the people, when they started doing it,  that was, I mean, I guess that is how  incremental legislation happens, really, in the government,  is it starts here, and we'll get here,  and we'll get here eventually.  We have Obamacare, we couldn't get  the universal health care, it's because it's incremental,  and it's gonna be a slow walk to get to universal health care.  That's what we were told.  Yeah.  But I'm just saying, we're still walking.  It was this guy, Joe Lieber.  It was mostly a scumbag from New England.  It's the Mitt Romney health plan  from when he was governor, yes.  But, so I guess that makes sense that you start smaller.  Boy, don't you wish on a lot of these things  that the slopes were a lot more slippery?  Certain slopes.  Oh, yeah.  Boy, I wish we were slipping and sliding.  Were so slippery.  Flat walls would be nice.  It would be, yeah, straight, yeah.  I think smoking got done pretty quickly  because of the demonstrably clear health problems  that come from it, and that it smells like shit,  and it's nasty.  It's like really nasty.  Yes, I think that is what, sort of the public consciousness  was just like, yeah.  It took a couple years for it to fully happen,  but everyone was like, yeah.  More people agree with, yeah, and I think it's more possible  to enjoy your own cigarette that you were smoking  than someone else's.  You're not expecting it.  Oh, yeah.  Much more likely to say it.  I understand smoking is occasionally like a little pick-up,  you know, and it's relaxing.  It's meditative.  It's a repetitive action.  I said before, I liked when I managed to ride  smoking one cigarette a month, it was kind of nice.  It was a nice, I ended this, but I was always worried  from what you're saying, Jason,  there's so much fear-mongering.  I'm like, when is the part where I get hopelessly addicted?  Isn't that what just happens?  That's going to happen.  And my whole career, I kept it at that one a month.  Yeah.  Maybe it was more like one a week at some point,  but it went slippery slope.  Where does it stop?  Then it became more hard.  Now I don't do it anymore.  What was the year that you cut it off?  I don't even remember.  Oh, so it was over a decade?  Probably.  Not over a decade, but I don't know, late 2010s?  When was the last cigarette you had?  Yesterday.  Oh, wow, you prepared for the episode?  And you're calling it nasty.  Interesting. It is nasty.  Oh, it's so gross.  And then you got all this ash and the little.  From the pack.  Butts.  From the pack.  The special pack.  What kind?  Parliaments.  Is it a special pack?  Yeah, you have a special pack you go to once in a while.  Because I went to a wedding a while back,  and sometimes I took one to take.  Because sometimes it's like a social thing to do.  If you're out there, you offer someone one.  It gives you a chance to get away.  If it's too noisy or it's a little overwhelmed.  That's true.  That's a nice thing about it.  I feel like the whole.  I mean, the entire time that I smoked, still very sparingly,  it felt like it was always about getting away,  getting outside, taking a little break.  Yeah.  So realizing that people were mad about smoking areas,  I almost found odd because.  Oh, I thought that was part of it though,  was like it's a chance to step outside.  And well, to get some fresh air  and then get some nuts of fresh air.  But I guess I, you'll sense my naivete a couple times  as we talk about this.  But the idea that people were mad about smoking areas,  but don't you want, isn't that part of it?  You don't want to be like smoking indoors is unpleasant,  right?  But it wasn't too, a lot of people.  Really bad.  Yeah, no, smoking indoors is really nasty.  A lot of parts of Vegas where it's like,  oh, it kind of sucks in here.  Yes, yeah.  I think so, but I don't think everybody feels that way.  No, and I think they've invested in like  the most expensive air filtration you can get.  So it just sucks everything.  It smells stale in Vegas though.  It smells a little stale.  Yeah, yeah.  I'll say this, in college I did not,  I mean, I've smoked maybe three cigarettes in my life.  But in college you would go to the bars  and it wasn't like after,  like after 30 minutes you get used to it.  After 30 minutes you kind of were like,  yeah, that's the smell of partying.  Like that's the, it's a house party at an apartment.  And it wasn't like something where I would be like  thinking about it the whole time.  Sure.  Because all of a sudden you would just get used to it.  Yeah.  So it wasn't like when it wasn't on the table  to ban everything, I was like,  this must go away or anything.  But yeah, again, in hindsight it's like, yeah, of course.  Yeah, probably, yeah, better than not, I suppose.  But here's what I was starting to get at was, okay,  so it's a movement that really takes root through the 80s,  big restrictions in restaurants start coming into play  in late 80s, 95 California bans smoking  in enclosed workspaces.  And that equals restaurants,  exceptions just for like it's a tobacco store.  So we gotta be able to smoke in here, right?  Cigar shop or whatever.  I, and I don't know if you guys know the number,  but did you have any sense of when did you think  Disneyland started the smoking areas?  And instead of you can just smoke  as you walk around this place.  Did you know before you looked into it,  did you have a sense?  Yeah, I did not know.  Or do you know what now?  No, no, I didn't know before.  You're saying before the research for the episode.  Yeah, no, I didn't know.  I didn't know that like when they stopped selling tobacco,  I didn't, maybe we even talked about that and I forgot,  but that's kind of shocking to me too.  Well, there was a cigar shop at Disney Springs  that closed like a month ago.  Oh yeah, sure, sure, sure.  Really?  That was pretty popular.  But no, I didn't know.  I either didn't know or forgot all of this.  Yeah, did you?  Because I don't know.  I was just like, maybe it's late 80s, early 90s  was my guess.  Did you have any sense of it, Jason?  I looked at a 99 map and the graphic wasn't good enough.  And from what I could tell,  I forget which park I was looking at.  I don't think I saw any smoking area signs  because I feel like it was still the vibe of like,  all right, as long as you're outside.  Yeah, because they had the not indoor policy.  You can do it on the rides and it's in the safety spiels.  But this does not happen officially  in the Disney parks until 2000.  2000 is when, the beginning of 2000  is when there are smoking areas.  I don't know if I'm naive or anything,  that makes sense on the timeline to me.  But I truly was like,  because I'm looking at park maps in the 90s and like,  all right, where's the first smoking area?  And I don't find them for a little while.  Sure enough, not till 2000.  Yeah, I didn't know that.  I, for some reason, yeah,  thought they stopped selling like tobacco on Main Street.  And I mean, in Disney World, they stopped in the 80s,  but they didn't stop in Disneyland until 90 or 91.  91, the tobacconist.  Right.  And it's one of the first things on Main Street.  Yeah.  You walk into the park and it's one of the first things.  91 feels crazy to me.  Yeah, really.  Even though that's, you know, 30s a long time ago.  But, and even after that, they're still selling,  you can buy cigarettes in the park somewhere.  I couldn't begin to tell you where.  It's not like this is the most documented thing,  but more discreetly.  They're not putting up big signs,  but maybe it's like you're going to buy some,  some film or some suntan lotion  and there happen to be cigarettes there too.  Certainly at hotel gift shops.  Sure.  For a long time.  Yeah.  It all happens later at the hotels.  Yeah.  Definitely.  You could have lit up a cigarette  walking down Main Street.  Well, that's what we talked about before.  Where would you want to do it?  Right?  I think we had this conversation.  Yeah.  And I said, I want pirates.  I want to light a cigarette up on Pirates of the Caribbean.  Not a jewel because of course we saw the man,  that's a story of five.  The story strikes back on this one  where we went through the whatever Barbosa thing.  And the guy lit up a strawberry plume.  A big plume for Barossa.  A strawberry vape plume into the mist.  Which.  Good spot.  It is kind of, it was annoying,  but also you're like, it's kind of funny.  It's kind of funny.  It did smell like a little,  like a wet candy store for a while.  Yeah, it did smell like great or anything,  but yeah, yeah.  That was a real, and the guy made a big show of it.  It was like head back.  Like he did a full, like he's a caterpillar,  on Alice in Wonderland.  That'd be another place to do it potentially,  is to do it kind of along with the caterpillar.  Oh, that would be great.  Yeah.  Maybe that's my answer.  Although it's just smoking a cigarette  next to a big cartoon hookah is pretty stupid.  If you, if you, Alice, cause Alice goes outside.  So if you can light up as you go outside  and finish it on the way down and tamp it out.  Before you get inside.  Flick it into the line.  Yeah.  Yeah.  You could, if you, in the old smoking area by Big Thunder,  where they thought you were going to be lining up  to go into Galaxy's Edge,  if you could smoke a death stick there, that would be ideal.  Sure.  Wow, that's leaving money on the table.  Yeah.  That is, they could be set like, no, it's not a cigarette.  And actually California has no rules against death sticks.  No rules against death sticks.  No.  Yeah, Doc Andar could be really giving you  like parliament style death sticks.  And then smoking gets so much more popular again.  It spins out of Galaxy's Edge.  Oh man.  It becomes, it's their butter beer.  The milk didn't quite become their butter beer.  I think death sticks would have been.  They never marketed, they should have marketed on Pinocchio,  the cigars for when the donkey boys are smoking.  Sure.  They should be selling Cruella De Ville's long smoking,  like penguin style cigarette holder.  And there should be a pop-up booth in that marketplace  for Sleaze Bagan-O.  Sleaze, of course.  Yeah.  What's his name?  What's his first name?  Is it Sleaze Bago?  Is it?  Is it a character in our worst.  This is a character who offers Obi-Wan death sticks  in the second prequel.  Yeah.  And then what's the other really on the nose one  where isn't there a character named like Lot Dodd?  Lot Dodd, yeah, in the Senate, Imperial Senate.  Because it's John Lott and Chris Dodd.  Because he's mad at our current do nothing senator,  or corrupt to do nothing senator.  Senator Lot Dodd, yes.  Not as good as Senator Grubb-Leibs.  No.  He seems like a force.  He's on top of it.  Yeah, he's one of the good ones.  He's about grubb-leibs.  Yeah.  And healing.  Yeah.  But no, Lot Dodd is bad.  I, where, I still, I don't know,  I forget if I answered before where,  but you know what I'm thinking though is Mark Twain.  Mark, like, that'd be pretty sweet.  Yeah.  There's a smoking deck on the Mark Twain.  Sure.  I bet it was acceptable.  I don't, I bet it was,  did the rule become not on indoor rides,  but fully outdoor rides?  Could you smoke on the train?  I don't think you could smoke on rides ever.  Yeah, I don't think they were.  There's no confirmation of that.  Just do it like operational.  I think so.  Yeah.  I couldn't find anything about that.  Yeah, it was for sure always inside and on rides  you couldn't that were indoors, but I don't think so.  This is an angle of research I didn't do  is like looking at old, like warnings on the signs.  Oh, right.  Like when did, like was it ever spoken?  It feels to me like you did not get  on the Disneyland railroad in August of 1955  and see any sign telling you not to smoke.  It might've been understood that you shouldn't  because it's a ride, but doesn't that feel like  there would not have been like the circle and the cross?  Yeah, that's interesting.  I feel like they would have, yeah,  they would have had to say not to do it.  They would have had to put something there.  When was the first non, I wish I had that info.  When did you start seeing non-smoking signs?  They would have to have done it at a certain point.  All of it, do you think there was,  when I bet it was something legal that caused  any theme park to have to say pregnant women should not ride.  There's no way that was in place in 1955, right?  That's a good question too.  Yeah.  Were there even signs?  Well, in 55, was there anything that the pregnant woman  should not ride because it's too rough?  Oh, maybe there wasn't.  I don't know what it was.  What would have been the first, like Matterhorn?  Yeah, I think maybe Matterhorn.  So we gotta find the first Matterhorn sign.  We were looking at all this stuff.  We were looking yesterday or two days ago  of just restrictions for babies, one-year-olds,  to get on the rides, which of course you've looked at.  And I'm like, yeah, a baby can go on Pirates.  A baby can go on Haunted Mansion.  A baby can go on so many things.  Yeah.  So I'm like, oh yeah, I guess there's really still  not a ton of things that are really even that restricted.  Yeah, it's just anything shaky.  Anything that shakes you around.  Shakes and goes more than like two miles an hour.  Yeah, well, no, I mean, there's the dark,  or fantasy land dark rides.  Do they go to more than two?  I would think that'd be like two and a half.  Maybe one of them at top speed.  Yeah.  Maybe, maybe a Toad.  Yeah.  I don't know.  Then you just, then your biggest hurdle with baby  is just the scariness factor.  Speaking from I have not tried Pirates,  I bet he could do Pirates now.  Yeah, I don't know.  Toad was a disaster.  Toad was pretty bad.  At what age?  Two.  Okay.  Yeah.  Cause one, they don't know what's going on a lot.  So.  Yeah, you might want to take advantage of that  while you can.  Yeah, one I feel like is like, oh wow, what is going on?  And then two is when it's like, oh my God,  what have you done to me?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  The humanity opinions.  Yeah.  Small world seems good for one year olds,  lots of colors, a pleasant song.  The biggest, the issue with small world is it's long.  Long and you're stuck.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So you, God, do I know,  did Wallinor maybe get stuck on?  I feel like I know somebody who got stuck on small world.  Or no, Chris Cantwell maybe.  So I feel like there was a breakdown.  Breakdown with baby is a bad.  That seems, yeah, that you just put it  in the center of my heart.  If it's happening, yeah, yeah.  Cause it can be on something perfectly pleasant.  It's not like it's, you're like,  we're dangling 40 feet in the air.  I think a breakdown anywhere if pee or food is not  taken care of.  You can bring a baby on a runway or railway.  No.  I really don't.  There's no, there's not even like a real,  like a, they're no requirement.  Well, so.  I think the other thing would just be being considerate.  Like pirates, you're surrounded by people.  Haunted Mansion, your party would at least be  in its own capsule and its own doom bugging.  You're saying I should be considering  not bringing a baby on pirates,  but I could do it on Haunted Mansion.  I mean, Haunted Mansion sound will travel.  So you're rolling the dice either way.  But pirates, you have that long boat.  There's like 20, 30 people in one of those.  That's true. You're right.  It's true.  But I, you would not be the first person  to be inconsiderate at Disneyland.  Yeah.  I, you know, I, we'll have to see what she's like  in three months.  We'll have to see what's going on.  Are you going for it?  That seems like your plan.  Yeah, we're going with her at a year.  Wow, wow.  And it's, you know, it's for, it's for us.  It's for her to take a photo with Pooh Bear and Mickey.  And yeah, but yeah, we're thinking about what,  we'll take her on one or two things.  Storybook boats, I guess.  Yeah.  Oh, that's good.  Yeah.  Yeah. And that's exciting.  Very free.  She's packed.  Oh, she's free.  She's free.  Yes.  She is free because she's under three.  It's practically another backpack at that age, you know?  Yes.  So we're gonna have to pay.  They're like, bring him in, let him in.  Come on.  We do not have to pay.  Here's this, here's this bad boy,  this bad dad state that I'm at  because my son is three now.  I haven't talked about this in the show.  But I am currently seeing how far I can get  without paying for it.  Because three is pretty much at every theme park  when you're supposed to start.  Right.  Even like universal.  He does not have an annual pass.  He needs to have an annual pass to get in.  So I am seeing how many months I can eke out.  And I'm really curious,  what does that confrontation feel like?  When is the point where, sorry, how old is he?  Oh, two.  No, he's not.  Does that happen?  How long do they take?  Well, he's a father.  He couldn't also be a lawyer.  My family did that too.  For how long?  Until you were 10?  No, for my little brother.  I think my mom was like, if anyone asks, he's two and a half.  And I was just like, well, you told us not to lie.  What do I do here?  It presents a real, I know.  My boy is proud that he's three also.  I don't wanna present him with some situation  where he's told that he's not three.  Exactly.  There's a protocol.  Because believe me, you're not the only person doing this.  So there must be something where maybe they say,  and this is a guess, they go, look, if the kid looks five,  you have to say something or you bring the manager.  Maybe there's something like that where it's like.  Oh, if they go to get some,  if they start the process of going, get somebody, I'm out.  I bet there's something like that where it's like,  you gotta be pretty sure the kid ain't under three.  And then it's a whole protocol of like manager,  somebody, we bring in the heavy to do.  It's gotta be manager, assistant manager.  So they're not letting entry level people  like start confrontations with guests.  I bet there are six flags.  Oh, maybe.  Well, the managers are.  Oh yeah, they're working.  The entry level is 15 and the managers are 16.  They won't push to charge until you're like 11.  Yeah.  How old is that five foot two inch kid over there?  Three.  Sounds good.  Just buy a horrible slice of pizza and a Mr. Pib.  We won't ask any questions.  Pib or Pib extra.  Light bribery, I'm fully in on.  That's fun.  It's called Pib now, Jason.  Oh, Pib.  No longer Pib, right?  Pib and Pib extra.  What's the difference?  I don't know.  I should know that.  So I guess we can't gender our sodas anymore.  Guess what?  Guess what's next?  What's the next six pack?  I'm taken to the shooting range.  Well.  So long, Pib.  Mr. Pib, I will still call you.  I know what you are.  That was the sand is everyone.  Just cause no one knows what he sounds like.  Just making sure you know what we're doing.  But you know what he looks like and it's weird.  Yeah, yeah.  He's very nerdy.  He did not look normal.  Yes.  Bad neck.  Scott, you know, the,  there was articles going around a while back  cause there was, I think a world health organization study  of like, well, the,  one of the most dangerous substances is alcohol.  Like it does shave years off some people's lives.  It makes people addicts.  So you're right to be upset  at someone having a beer at 11 a.m.  I get it.  I get it, Jason.  I agree.  They're perverts.  It's less cut and dry than smoking  because there's also all the studies  that come out every few years where it's like,  oh, a glass of wine a day,  a couple of glass of wine a week.  It's good for your health.  That's five years.  And so like, it's like egg yolks.  They're always changing their mind  if they're good or bad for you.  But like  Couple of Jurassic waters a week.  Yeah, couple of Jurassic waters.  Great for your wallet.  I mean, I think,  I think it's probably bad for you to drink.  That's seemingly more studies confirm that.  But the whole thing is just that like,  you're not like shooting the alcohol out of your mouth  into someone else's mouth.  Well, that, yeah.  And it's not like going directly.  You're not injecting it into your liver.  Yeah.  I'm just saying it's not affecting anyone around.  That's true.  Necessarily unless you're belligerent or something.  It's around a great time.  Or some spitting like a fountain.  Who wants some?  Yeah.  If you were shooting alcohol out of your ears  and it was like getting kids' mouths and stuff.  I follow a few Vegas like websites and blogs  about like new attractions and casinos and stuff like that.  And all of the fucking nerd commenters are like,  ooh, this pot too stinky.  Like Vegas, Vegas smells now.  Everyone's just complaining about how it's stinky.  And this just comes to mind because thinking about like,  wait, like you said,  Vegas smells stale in a lot of places  because of like old booze and cigarettes.  And that is another battle front where.  Stinky weed?  Cities out of legal eyes.  People complained like there's articles in the New York  or the Atlantic and granted they're by cranks,  but it's just like, well,  everyone in New York stoned all the time now.  And it's like now in New York City, just now they're stoned.  But you're saying you're following like young influencer types  and they're cranky about the stinky weed.  Just general news blogs.  And the blogs are always making cracks about like,  well, you can't walk down the street without smelling it.  Is it legal to smoke weed on the strip?  Legal enough.  I mean, you can get it off strip.  There's no dispensaries on the strip.  Is it legal to have a table  that's a former three card Monte table  and to be selling fake.  In Vegas, fake weed in Vegas.  I mean, the one website was just complaining  about like the hot dog guys.  Like, so.  So the next battlefront here is like outdoor weeds smelling.  Yes.  I guess.  And if you don't like stinky weed,  you're a nerd in a crank.  Yeah.  It's people complaining about stuff where it's like,  do you think people have not smoked weed  in New York City for eons?  Well, that's if they're all high.  I don't know.  I'm trying to think if I've,  I guess in some parts of California,  you do like feel like the smell is everywhere.  Yeah.  And I guess, I don't know.  I guess I know it doesn't bother me too much.  Scott, does it bother you?  I don't know.  It depends on how stinky I guess.  Yeah. I guess if it's really.  I haven't hit my stink limits.  Yeah.  Is there a stink that even when we.  But that's a DeSantis thing too.  That's why it came to mind.  Someone asked him about like legalization in Florida.  He's like, oh, it's so stinky.  Did he say that?  Did he say the word stinky?  Did he say stanky?  Why this needs, you can't throw that out  and then have that not be true.  I gotta find.  I gotta find it.  He said stinky.  Did he say stinky?  I think about the smell.  And the reporter was trying to steer back like  there would be billions of dollars  in additional tax revenue for the state.  And he was just like, oh, it smells so bad.  You're in the pocket of big stink.  Yeah.  I looked to find this quote.  I need this quote.  I need it, yeah.  I'm gonna get back on track to the smoking stuff.  Okay, so it's 2000, we have smoking areas  and here's what it is at the start.  It is, you can do it outside the main gate.  Who cares?  Of course you can.  You can do it Big Thunder Trail as we've talked about.  Here's one we haven't talked about.  The Spanish fountain near the entrance  to the haunted mansion.  You'd be around that fountain.  That sounds pleasant.  That sounds good, yeah.  A little trickle of water.  Splitter splatter.  Are you sorry?  Do you have a stinky quote?  No, I don't.  I'm just trying to find the map, sorry,  of what you're talking about.  Okay, sure.  Sorry, I didn't mean to distract you.  No, okay, no, I think the word was putrid, not stinky.  What I don't like about it.  Not the same, putrid is functional.  What I don't like about it is if you go  to some of these places that have done it,  the stench when you're out there,  I mean, it smells so putrid.  I want people to be able to breathe freely.  I don't know that he does.  No, he doesn't want that.  He wants people to choke?  Choke, yeah.  I think he wants a lot of people to choke.  Well, that's true.  And then there's one on the walkway leading  to the Disneyland railway station in Tomorrowland.  So it might've been under, that's like former Skyway.  That's what happens to a lot of these.  The ride goes away, we have this awkward little area,  maybe that becomes a smoking area.  And I dock them points for that.  If all you do is open up a place where there used  to be a ride and now it's people smoking,  that's not much. Yeah, that's not good.  But I'm trying to fit, something we haven't,  we're talking about policies and calibrating  our feelings about things and stinkinesses.  Well, I think we need to analyze the smoking areas  from are these good Disneyland,  were these good Disneyland themed experiences?  Right, right. Yeah.  And I don't think it's across the board.  And it's hard, look, these were not the most documented.  People went in to smoke and then left.  I don't think people are taking beautiful photos  in these places.  But did you guys get the sense that any smoking area  out there was a good Disneyland themed experience?  Well, that's a good question.  I mean, there's like, for instance,  but the one by the Matterhorn,  there is a sign that I do give them credit for.  I don't know if you found this.  I think I'm looking at the same thing.  Are you looking at the same sign?  It's kind of a fantasy land story book sign.  Yes, that's the sign I'm looking at.  Like would be outside the Snow White, right?  It looks like you could take it off the wall  and Link could use it as a shield  in one of his adventures in Zelda.  Absolutely.  It does, it's well themed.  And I feel like it,  cause it's right by the Matterhorn,  it does fit that, it fits that aesthetic really well.  Nice sign.  So I feel like smoking around there,  at the very least you would go,  oh, they made a little effort to make me feel,  to make my smoking area transport me somewhere.  There's also, I'm gonna bring a California adventure one  into the picture here.  I think they initially,  I get a lot of these tried to make it a bit subtle.  And here's one I will show you  that's in the Grizzly Peak area.  And here is a nice piece of redwood,  probably fake redwood,  but it looks nice kind of like a naturally,  that's not a square sign or a perfect circle.  That's just like an odd shaped piece of bark.  And then there's a yellow cigarette and a circle  and an arrow saying to go this way.  And that's like, that's a little,  that's like how they're trying to not say the name  of smugglers run.  Now, so you feel like it's just like an actual  shipping dock or whatever that is.  Issue is probably too subtle.  Probably you can't, it's pretty easy to miss.  And if you're looking for where can I smoke around here  and you don't find the small piece of bark.  Yeah, you would have to be like a mice chat reader  to know about this.  So you'd have to really be in.  That is literally from Mouse Planet.  Yeah, yeah, you'd have to Mouseworks or whatever.  Yeah, you would have to know to know,  which I guess if we were smokers  and also people that read the blogs,  that would be like, hey, come on, check this out.  I bet you didn't know this was a smoking section over here.  So it would have been a cool thing to do.  That little grizzly peak alcove,  I think probably one of the more themed ones.  But I think the stuff that links a lot of them together  is they're kind of little quiet little areas off to the side.  And I think eventually they were probably getting people  going like, hey, I really like this quiet area  off to the side, could you get rid of the cigarette smoke?  Could this be a place for exhausted parents  to sit for a minute?  Yeah, I know, because these are like,  sometimes I'm looking at this,  like maybe this is a little perk of being a smoker  in Disneyland in the 2000s,  is that you get like,  we have corralled this little peaceful area.  We all like, we're always looking for peaceful spots  in the parks and the smokers had some of them for a while.  Yeah, I mean, this grizzly, the grizzly peak area,  it is great.  And a place that like you really don't know  unless you hang out in California Adventure a while.  I think it's because it's really out of the way.  You're not gonna go over there  because there's no ride over there.  Yeah, true.  Yeah, I know, I don't think I realized  that this was a committed smoking area.  That odd little, you're in the San Francisco zone  and then you go right, it's a little trail,  Canada nothing, but it's very pretty and peaceful.  Yeah, I wonder.  That was a smoke zone.  I wonder if I went by there and no one was just smoking,  no one was smoking there, maybe.  Possibly. Maybe they didn't know.  Cause this was such a little,  this is such a little nook,  like a special little nook.  Yeah, I found it.  I found it cause I like special little nooks.  Yeah, you're the guy who's looking for nooks.  And then I would go like,  okay, that one part of the nook is the smoking area.  Yeah. This was your way in.  Like in, like you're,  an actor's trying to find a way to love the character.  And for you, it's like, well, what do I,  well, I love special little nooks.  Yeah. Isn't that really what smoking area is?  So that became your core.  Yeah, yeah. That's your whole character.  From very early episode.  Is this the best special little nook in both parks  by this Grizzly Peak area?  Full of Grizzly Peak. Could be.  What do you think?  Is there a better special little nook?  You know what I really like is the,  there's a corner, in Poo Corner,  really the corner of the park in general.  It's right next to the ride where the ride wraps up.  And there's this really nice waterfall  that I'm really happy they've kept intact,  even as they've changed things.  Very peaceful little, in keeping with the poo aesthetic.  It's all thoughtful spots and corners.  That is good.  It might not be better, but it's one I like.  That might still add some of the energy.  Cause like, you know, half a block,  if you went into the berm,  that would have been the like entertainment area, right?  They would have company picnics and serve beer.  Oh, I don't know.  Is there an?  Didn't we talk about that one?  In the early days of Disney,  they had a company picnic area,  and it was one of the few places  you could get alcohol on the property,  besides the hotel.  Because the big sponsors were like,  we wanna have our companies here,  we wanna have our company picnics here.  And they want beer.  Ah, okay.  But it was technically outside of the-  So it was outside of, yeah,  what we would now consider the-  I think like in the,  if you're looking at it from a satellite map above,  it would be next to that part of the park.  Oh, so it's a traditionally peaceful zone, maybe.  Yeah, right.  Yeah, maybe.  Yeah, you know, that's,  it certainly made me feel like,  okay, if that was a smoker area,  then like, they had it going for a little while.  Yeah.  That's good territory to have claimed.  The only, yeah, I'm trying to think,  the only more peaceful place in California Adventure  is in the Carthay stalls in the bathroom  that go floor to, not almost ceiling,  that make you feel so peaceful and comfortable  and hidden away while you're doing whatever you do in there.  That would be the only other place  that's a cozy little nook  that I'd wanna smoke a cigarette in.  Sure.  On the toilet.  We're not on the toilet, standing up in the stall.  I don't wanna be crass here.  I don't have to take a shit and smoke a cigarette.  You don't have to justify your hypothetical actions.  No, I sometimes do.  That doesn't seem nice to me,  just smoking a cigarette and taking a shit.  Yeah, no, I thought about it.  I imagined doing it and I also felt the same way, no.  Yeah, that seems bad.  Yeah.  Another zone, this was not one of the original smoking areas,  but it was, I think, a long time,  but these kinda ebbed and flowed.  I don't think they were very consistent.  Certain ones were, but you know what's a really nice one?  There's a little Rivers of America dockside,  kind of like near Tom Sawyer rafts.  Oh yeah.  And this sign is only as themed as anything is  in New Orleans Square,  but it's got that nice Disney graphic design,  a pleasant circle.  Yeah.  I think they managed to,  cause then, I feel like at first it's just a smoking area,  a picture of a cigarette,  and then it has to start telling you  that it can cause cancer and reproductive harm.  So Disney had to make these scary warnings  and eventually a specific proposition they had to list.  They had to make this stuff aesthetically pleasing.  I think in a lot of cases they did.  Isn't this, this is like as relaxing  as any storefront sign in New Orleans Square.  Yeah, that looks perfectly themed.  Yeah, I don't like it as much as the sort of shield,  wooden shield look of the other one,  but yeah, it doesn't stand out as a warning  about a product that'll kill you.  So we should pick favorites maybe.  Are you thinking your favorite is?  I think, I mean, I think because of that sign  that Matterhorn one is good,  but the Grizzly, maybe we haven't discussed everyone yet,  but the-  Yeah, we'll pull one in that we haven't talked about  if you wish.  Yeah, well the stand, it's hard  because there's not a good picture of standing  like by the Grizzly peak taking a smoke break.  Yeah, signage maybe, but-  Yeah, but I'm gonna guess and say that would be mine,  but it sounds like it's hard to argue that.  I like that little dock.  I really like it back there.  You hear little snippets of music from different angles,  but it's pretty quiet.  There's a lot of nature.  You can kind of see people in the distance,  but you're like set off from it.  That's a good, that is a place, smoking or no,  that you would like to sit and chill out at Disneyland.  Absolutely.  So I think for the chill factor, that's gonna be mine.  Here's, I'm gonna bring a little bit of Intel  into the mix from reviews that I saw somewhere.  That one sounded very pleasant,  but I'm reading that the shade was bad.  Shade, you gotta factor into this.  So if that, that might not should blow  unless the day is so it's overcast, it doesn't matter.  Tomorrowland near Autopia, you know,  Monorail's Autopia's and trains was in by,  sounds stressful on this.  I don't think Tomorrowland is a good one.  I don't think anybody's.  I know, I think that's a bad one too.  I mean, the only thing that would be positive  is that that's another place where pollution is rampant.  Yeah, I'd much rather have secondhand smoke than Autopia.  Than gas fumes, yeah.  Yeah, plumes and fumes.  The, I also read that, okay, New Orleans Square,  I always go back to that one.  Night, the best views is what I saw and that seems evident.  So that speaks to that.  Big Thunder I'm seeing was maybe the coolest  and the quietest, potentially the most relaxing.  And I do like that Big Thunder trail.  They only improved it with the Galaxy's Edge.  I have a, when I took a friend of mine to Disneyland  for the first time a decade ago, he is a smoker  and he smoked there and I have a photo of him I think.  Cause I thought it was funny.  How did he, how did he seem?  Do you remember his feelings?  He seemed fine, he seemed comfortable.  Okay, okay.  I'm trying to think any that haven't been addressed.  I, are there any, I don't know.  In Disneyland proper?  Yeah, yeah.  I mean, feel free to pull DCA into it.  I, when we get to DCA, I have a bit of a presentation.  Oh, you do, okay.  If this is a good time to give the presentation.  Maybe that's what we should do.  Maybe so.  I remembered one more at the Grand Californian Hotel.  Oh yeah, yeah, by the convention center.  The fireplace, right?  Oh, okay.  Well, I think.  What I read it was right by the convention center area.  By the ballrooms and stuff?  I think so, yeah.  I'm sure there was one there,  I feel like for a little while maybe.  There was, I think a fireplace  that was both inside and outside  and I feel like the outside part,  like you could smoke out there.  Oh, okay, I can kind of picture that.  That sounds nice, that sounds very nice.  Yeah.  Could have been that.  This is, what we, when you start getting into,  okay, 2000 is when the smoking areas appear  and I think maybe you can,  it's a slow ticking clock that takes place over 20 years.  California Adventure becomes the first park over there  to open requiring smoke.  There was never a point where you could just smoke anywhere  in California Adventure and the slippery slope  that old Bill was worried about.  I think you can really see if I,  I have a little Google slides is what I,  Wow, okay.  It's just the easiest way I felt like  to convey this information,  but this kind of tells the tale.  I found it interesting, the shuffling nature  of the smoking areas in California Adventure  and it having the burden of being a park  that were smoking areas were always a part of it.  Sure.  So,  Do you want to throw it on the TV?  I thought about trying to throw it on the TV.  Yeah, we do have a TV in front of us  that we don't usually,  I think the laptop will do it.  But I'm still mostly gonna narrate  because this is for listeners.  So these I believe are the original 2001 smoking areas.  We have a Paradise Pier smoking area  and this seems kind of between,  I might say the current ones,  Jesse's Critter Carousel and in Credit Coaster,  whatever those were called before.  That I believe is Jack Jack's Cookie Num Nums today,  perhaps was a nondescript area at the time.  Sounds like a good one, kind of excitement,  watching the coaster cars go past.  You got a Condor Flats.  Here's one that we haven't talked about.  And I can't tell you exactly where this is,  but it's kind of, it's similar to Grizzly Peak  in that it's on a trail, it's relaxing,  there's real trees and fake rocks.  What better combo could there be?  And we're getting close to the zone here  where you're looking out for those Disneyland cats.  And that's a nice off the beaten path chill part.  I don't know if the cats have found this area in 2001.  It probably happened over time.  I think it was on the other side of Soarin.  I think I read that it was by the gift shop.  It was next to the gift shop,  which is across the way from Soarin.  Okay, I think that's what I read.  That doesn't sound as good.  That sounds like we're getting away  from nature a little bit.  Yeah, so that's what this, whatever blog I was reading said.  Okay, that sounds less good.  But if we're more on the rock and tree side,  I think this is a solid one.  If it was where that plane is now,  where they used to do the Minnie and the Fly Girls  or whatever they called it.  There, that's a better thing.  If you could smoke a cigarette  and lean against that plane or something.  Sure, sounds nice.  Not even great.  Yeah, I don't think you, now look,  I don't think we got any props  other than like a general piece of big thunder rock.  Yeah, and you couldn't smoke a cigarette with Minnie.  You could not like Saul and Kim smoke in my fantasy  in a parking garage with Minnie Jackson.  It's the core of your bond.  And then in the end, after all the bullshit happens,  you still got your cigarettes.  That's right.  And then I didn't know about this one.  This is outside Hyperion Theater.  So all the areas are represented.  We're kind of covering all the lands.  And I like that.  That feels like your intermission of a real Broadway show  popping out for a smoke.  And then of course we got Grizzly Peak,  the one that we're thinking is one of the best ones.  I think a really solid beginning four.  Now we shift to 2003 and you see little,  it's downgrades, things go up and down.  It's the stock market, I feel.  In 2003, we have lost that Hyperion Theater.  You cannot enjoy a cigarette after a rousing performance  of step in time or to calm down after seeing Kelsey Grammer  almost break his legs on that stage.  It has now moved to kind of a nondescript corner.  That's like between all the sound stages  where still nothing's really going on.  We're like between Muppets and Superstar Limo at that time.  But we got some trees, seems okay.  This might have been okay.  I got no actual photos of it.  But then big upgrade for the smokers.  This is huge, I feel.  Yes, I know what you're talking about.  You have a smoking area that's where you watch  the coasters launch on.  Yeah, yes.  I saw this.  California Screamin' at that time.  This still to this day is a spot where people gather.  The spectacular Harbor View,  the excitement of watching those things launch.  Oh, could I do it?  Should I do it?  Oh, it factors into,  are you getting on the thing or not?  This is a spectacular smoking spot.  This is one of the top three.  And you could make an argument maybe it's number one.  Yeah, maybe so.  Depends on what you want out of smoking area.  But yes, you could.  Me, I think looking over water, that seems pretty huge.  Well, we're talking criteria.  Water and seeing a little bit of rides  because then you're feeling that you're hearing  some of the ride on that one.  You know, these people are not locked in a closet.  They're in one of the most prominent spots in the park.  But this is awfully close to a pedestrian walkway  where people might be getting it.  It's incredibly close.  Well, I think, and now the map,  I don't remember the lay of the land at the time,  but the map seems to show kind of a little trail,  little like strip of brown.  So maybe they're trying to corralia.  Now the wind might be drifting that smoke  over to the pedestrians. Yeah, that's true.  But it might be why, spoiler,  this particular one is not long for this world.  Yeah, now I'm not factoring in the collateral damage  of smoke getting to people when I'm saying  what the best smoking area is.  Oh, sure, I think I was just trying to account  for why they would have pulled this one.  I sound right.  Smart, yes, that is like maybe a good reason  why it went away.  And then of course, Grizzly Peak  and Condor Flats hold firm.  These are stalwarts.  And this takes us into the next,  the next year I'll show you is 2005.  We lose the, perhaps due to Jason's reasoning,  we lose that one pretty spectacular smoking area,  but we gain another waterfront one.  This is kind of in the shadow of the sun wheel.  So it's still, it's beachfront property.  This is a good time to be a smoker in this park.  Early 2000s, smokers are high on the hog in California.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Guests are not faring well,  but smokers have the run of the place.  They're maybe just like, they're happy anybody's there.  You showed up, you showed up.  The most beautiful place in the park, it's yours.  Smoking on any part of this water property  or whatever you call it,  any part of this lake, this man-made lake.  Great, maybe to this day, you know what?  I was having trouble thinking of where do I wanna  have a cigarette at Disneyland?  Maybe I don't, maybe I want it in California Adventure.  Oh, interesting.  Over in the pier zone.  Interesting, and that's, I mean,  I guess we don't have to save that for the end,  but yeah, is that, if you could think of any,  is it on-ride or is it,  do we have to be reasonable in our choice  of where we would want the cigarette  or? No, I don't think so.  I think anything's gotta be on the table.  It could be completely, yeah.  Can I get off the ride in the middle of it?  Can you be in the middle of Paradise Bay?  Sure.  Let's say it's possible.  I think we should, for creativity's sake.  How about this?  Yeah, in Paradise Bay, can you be smoking it  like that picture of Jack Nicholson on the boat  with the hoagie in that series of photos?  There's one where he just got his head out of the water  with the cigarette in the water.  Oh, wow, what if you're doing a bupkis?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You're doing a Pete Davidson bupkis  smoking in the water.  Yes, so yeah, you jump into Paradise Bay.  That's not my choice,  but I'm saying that's what you're saying.  That sounds nice.  It's on the table.  I haven't made my decision yet.  Now I'm thinking maybe I get off  and I light up with the ultimate raspy-voiced  smoke-smith himself, Captain Jack Sparrow.  Oh, wow.  If I offer him a cigarette  and hang out in the throne room with him,  watch, you know, maybe I bring a bottle with me.  I know Mr. Depp is a fan of Red Wine.  Sure he is.  Yeah, hang out in there for an hour.  See if he'll sing you the song about Hedy Lamarr  that he wrote with Jeff Beck, you know?  Who knows?  I'm there, maybe it strikes a chord with me.  Maybe I like it a little more.  Yeah.  Okay, so not only do we get that one,  but get ready for your minds to be blown.  We have a second beachfront property.  I saw this.  This is over by the Golden Zephyr,  which is rarely running.  And I don't know that they're running  a lot of regular shows.  This is pre-World of Color.  So this is like, this is the Wild West.  We got two smoking areas overlooking the water.  The Park was there.  It wasn't that popular also.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So they're not worried about crowds anywhere.  Right, as long as you aren't doing it  just in the Soren building, you're fine.  And then again, Grizzly Peak and Condor Flats holding firm.  At this point in time, we have more smoking areas  in California Adventure than Disneyland.  And better Smoker's Paradise.  I think better options.  Yeah. View-wise.  Much better. Yeah.  So, and yeah, cause you got your Grizzly Peak area,  which is, you know, it's a little bit more limited.  It's high, but then you got your expansive water views.  Like it's everything you would want.  And you don't feel like you're bothering people around you  because it is just like, it's just going up to the sky.  Yeah. Right?  You know, if you've got like the cover of trees,  if you've got a canvas above you,  that almost feels close to being in a smoky room.  We're traveling in here, but we're there with open sky.  Yeah. Wonderful.  Smoker's Paradise Pier.  That's what I call it.  They were going to change it.  Maybe they were going to make,  they were struggling so much.  They're considering just making this  the first smokers area with Rod.  That's sort of where smokers area land.  If California Adventure hadn't gotten turned around,  you could have been seeing like the food  and smoking festivals going in instead of food and wine.  Oh, damn. Oh, yeah.  Different little pop ups where you would buy different cigarettes.  Cigarillo booth.  Yeah, that's right. Pipe booth.  Pipe booth.  California screaming is flipping to California smoking.  Wow. And they're just doing little brown and tan paint jobs on the wooden beams.  So that that smoking aging.  That would have saved the park to as a full smoking thing.  That really would have. I bet it was on the table.  I bet concept art was drawn up with anything.  Anything. I mean, blue sky.  Any ideas? Bring them to the table.  Well, look, before Cars Land, there was a plan for like, you know,  oh, what if we did like a Route 66 themed area?  And sure enough, we got to meet on Route 66, the Marlboro Man.  Oh, perfect. Yeah, that's a great.  That's a beloved character.  And that's that was that's what Tony Baxter became about, like,  you know, today's icons are right.  It's you know, it's Indiana Jones and it's C3PO.  It's the Marlboro Man. Right, right.  And soaring over California would become soaring through big clouds of secondhand  smoke where you just went through different types of secondhand smoke.  Sample them. Yeah.  Yeah. Different different flavors.  Oh, they could have gotten a big like merch boom if they had partnered with Yankee  Candle, which was how my childhood friends, parents who smoked like  chimneys in their home would try to cover it up by burning  blueberry candles everywhere.  But it was like my friend's house.  So now, anytime I smell blueberry candle, I think back finally to those smoky.  Yeah. Nasty homes.  This you won't call your own cigarettes nasty if you start also lighting up a Yankee.  Can't keep that lighter.  That's true. Yeah.  I keep a Yankee candle.  I should say, Scott, I am like you were.  I am a once a month, once every six weeks, one cigarette.  Oh, hey, you know, you also don't need to feel any shame about it.  I was I was just I thought the reveal was funny after you right after you called them nasty.  Oh, yeah, they're disgusting, you know, but first hand smoke.  Oh, you feel cool.  It's a real look.  We know we're going to call it all at first hand smoke.  First hand.  Nothing feel like nothing like just breathing in some first hand.  Number one, number one, baby.  Hang loose. You know, you're number one.  Just that it's number one.  Oh, yeah. Yeah.  First hand, baby.  All right. I'm going to take you out of a dark time.  We're going to this is where I'm going to jump way ahead to 2012.  And this is where the glory days of 2005 are over because we have now opened  Radiator Springs.  This is the first land in DCA where you cannot see the first land open without a smoking area.  So the writing has got to feel on the walls.  Just with that, Condor Flats is gone.  We have lost we have lost Condor Flats as of 2012.  Condor Flats is down is off the map.  Grizzly Peak holding firm.  And yet we have lost waterfront as well.  This is a sad time.  Like if you guys should be narrating this in more of a Ken Burns in a  that we have we are ceding territory.  Two brothers should be playing.  One bad one smoked cigs.  The other was clear.  The the actor read the letters would be like, this place  snuck sucks now you can't smoke anywhere.  Lines are so long.  The actor read letters.  What? No, they would do like dramatic reading.  I think it's Red Skelton type.  Red Skelton, Red Buttons, Red Letters.  That's what I thought.  I thought it was like a civil maybe a civil war historian and then old red letters.  The actors read.  They would do the crazy voices.  You know what it was?  I didn't hear the S at the end of actors.  That's why I think we heard.  OK, the actor read letters.  The actor read letters comes in.  And if we had the S then I think it would have made more sense.  But I was.  Red Letter was the biggest star in America.  It was like the worst man in Hollywood.  I was like, Jesus, I thought I knew everyone named Red from the old days of Hollywood.  But maybe I don't want Jason's pulling out actors all the time.  I'm old. That's true.  Yeah. You know, Red Letters from Ziegfeld Follies.  He was at his estate sale.  He thought so.  He bought all actually all of Red Letters ashtrays.  That's right.  The smoking area has now moved to the former site of the Malibu.  Which is in Clovis.  Yeah, this is really a strange David.  We are in a cage.  Smokers are now in a coaster cage.  They can maybe see the water through the bars.  Yeah, 2012 must be when you know that the party is ending here in California.  I'm sure. And then am I correct?  Oh, I am right. OK.  You know, it was never it hasn't been looking good in Hollywood for a long time.  But now we have moved over to Dead Man's Corner.  Now the smoking area is in literal corner of the park,  and it's not like a nice corner.  This is it's where all the soundstage.  There's like a a water tower that you forget is even there.  I forget. So they started doing a Captain Marvel photo op with a plane.  There was nothing going on over here.  This is depressing.  This is just big soundstage walls and stucco.  This this is a bummer.  So we've we've lost our nice Hollywood.  Condor Flats is offline.  2012 is where the ship becomes unsteerable.  Sure. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's depressing.  And then soon enough, then we get to 2017.  I can't believe I'm even saying these words.  Grizzly Peak has fallen.  Much like Olympus.  So but the corner was still going.  Hollywood Corner became the only smoking area in the park.  And that's like like you only end up over there if you're having a bad day.  If everything in the park has a 50 minute wait  and you're like, there must be something around.  Yeah. Monsters Inc. That's a little dinky ride, right?  You get over there. 45 minutes.  Yeah. How could it be?  Oh, God, I'm so angry. I need to smoke.  Can I get under a tree? At least no.  You can get in the reflection of these boring beige buildings.  That was terrible. That was pre-Guardians.  Yeah, but it was probably a holdover from the Mad Tea Party days.  The revelers need to get away from the madness.  Maybe you're right.  Functionally could have been a smoking area when you're there for the Mad Tea Party.  Yeah, that's that's that's OK.  Yeah, for sure. It would have to have been.  It's where the musicians would have to go to light their special cigarettes.  Alice in the Mad Hatter would have a smoke or two.  Get a little inspired before doing an especially loopy version of Don't Stop Believing.  DJ White Rabbit taking a couple puffs in between sets.  I thought that uptown funk.  Remix tonight really went over well.  Do you come here often?  You know what I'm going to do?  What if we shift the the setlist?  I'm going to do my Sharona straight into celebration.  Oh, dude, that's not all.  You're insane. Maybe go into watch.  How will I know?  Well, you're crazy.  Watch like Sergeant Pepper.  Why were we playing in the key of C?  Watch me for the chord changes.  Try to keep up.  Oh, man. It's my last day.  I'm doing it. I'm finally doing under the sea into Daft Punk.  Get lucky.  You're not going to know what boy, you know, I know it's standing room  only on the dance floor, but everybody's going to have to.  Everybody's going to end up taking a seat where they want to or not.  You're going to have to get blown on their asses.  There's too many kids sleeping in those wide strollers.  I won't do it.  I won't do it.  So, I mean, it's a sad tale when you lay it out like that.  Well, what they had in 2005 and then how little they had in 2017.  And they have to paradise surely.  Oh, yeah. The parking lot.  They paved paradise, relegated people to one end of a parking lot,  and then ultimately eliminated the parking lot. Right.  And that's that's where we stand today.  They would they surely knew as dire as things were in 2017  that in 2019 would all come crashing down. Yeah.  Same thing happened at Disneyland.  I think it became only Big Thunder.  Maybe it was down to one, but both.  And then these these little pockets of heaven were finally gone.  And now you just have to enjoy them as serene seating areas.  Yeah. Yeah. Well, pantomime cigarettes, I guess, is your best bet.  Like the pictures of Walt.  Oh, yes. Well, it's yeah.  The way they neuter all these characters and Pecos Bill in the old movie,  they scrub the cigarettes.  That's what happened to everyone.  They've they've scrubbed the cigarettes from everyone's hands.  Yeah. Yeah. Too bad.  I mean, I'm not a smoker, so I'm not as wistful as I could be right now,  but I am a little wistful. Yeah. Yeah.  And though still a slower decline,  I think the same policy took effect at Disney World,  which is funny because they it became a Disneyland.  We were instituting a smoking policy.  There will be four smoking areas.  And when it happened at Disney World, it was it went right.  Magic Kingdom 13 Epcot 23, Hollywood Studios, nine, Animal Kingdom nine.  And they ended up wrapping it up at the same time.  So very much more precipitous.  Yeah. At Disney World. Yeah. Aggressive.  People must have felt that whiplash.  Yeah, I think so. Like, yeah, having to leave park property  and it's bigger parks, too. Yeah. Very big. Yeah.  You get lost. Pretty crazy.  Also, wait, also another thing as of 2003, all the downtown  Disney trash cans at Ashtrays. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't know when that's that was all lol.  There was no rules.  You can always walk in downtown and have a cigarette.  No problem. Unaddressed in the ordeal.  But now it is the secret.  So we didn't talk about the invisible sector that is where you smoke.  Did we talk about on the Main Street was weird episode that they had their own  like Disneyland blend of tobacco? No, no.  That sounds really right.  Yeah, they had Disneyland had its own special blend or mildly  aromatic pipe tobacco,  which then you could go smoke in the parks. Wow.  So you get like any idea what  no flavor and say what it was.  I just said that there was own special thing.  I mean, the way they make the different tobacco shops on Main Street sound like  it was almost like when you go into one of those rooms  in a fancy candy store that has imported candies.  It feels like they had like it was like Willy Wonka's tobacco room  and they imported stuff from places and you like you could really do it up in there  if you wanted like nice coffee houses.  Yeah, really like or winery.  I mean, they really emphasize where stuff came from or what kind of grape, you know.  Yeah. So there's a lot more stuff, too.  I was reading about when I was like, well, I don't even think we  covered some of the well, not mainstream.  Oh, we haven't even brought up matchbox.  That used to be a big thing.  I think Jane gave me some a few years ago that were Caribbean Beach.  Like every hotel had their own matchbooks and restaurants.  And that's from like the what's the the undersea restaurant at the Living Seas.  Oh, yeah. Park restaurants.  Oh, yeah.  Books. Mm hmm.  There are the apparently Sleeping Beauty was on the can of tobacco that they made  at Disney specifically.  He's they sold taking a nap.  Just chill.  They sold candy cigarettes called Mickey's Sweet Cigarettes.  What? What?  Yeah. Really? Yeah.  And then Walrus and Alice in Wonderland.  The Walrus invited the innocent little oysters to a party.  They found out too late that the main dish at the party was to be themselves.  Oh, I don't know why that's on the cigarettes.  But this is the ad for Mickey's Sweet Cigarettes. Wow.  But yeah, there's so much more like tobacco lore.  Yeah. And my sweet cigarettes.  Make sure your dad buys the not so sweet cigarettes.  We're getting the kids hooked early.  They start eating the candy cigarettes and then they start eating  the real thing when they grow up.  Light up on Main Street as long as we get into the game.  If you're if we can get the most smoking mice,  if you get a pack of mice, I don't give a shit.  We'll fight those laws.  You think we're going to cave the Ralph Nader?  Not if I'm selling them. You get me out there up front.  I don't want to lose any ground, any sort of fucking camel.  It's me. I'm a big mouse. It's fun.  The kids love it. OK. You know what?  Just fucking just kill him.  Just kill that fucking camel. I don't care.  I don't care. You have to do.  They trace back to me. I've been in jail before.  I'll go back. I don't care.  We can't lose ground as fucking camel.  We make movies.  We do three parts. We sell cigarettes.  Yeah, he's cooler than me.  Whatever. He's got a jail other jacket and a band.  So what? Let's see him hunt ghosts.  Let's see him go through the looking glass.  Let's see him drive a fucking steamboat.  What does he do? What can he do? He plays pool.  Oh, the kids love that.  Oh, he plays 12 bar blues.  Big deal. I have an Oompa band.  I play a skeleton. His bones.  With mallets.  That's what I fucking play.  He thinks he's so fucking funny.  We'll see who's funny when I'm laughing and he's dead.  When I give a speech, it is funeral.  And the speech is mostly spitting into his open grave.  Camel spit, huh?  Not anymore. I spit.  You understand? I spit.  You asked for it.  Boy, I don't know how they managed to not sell cigar.  It'd be a different way.  Truly, smoking would be legal still everywhere, anywhere.  If Disney had got that's true. Yeah.  I think it's what it was probably on Waltz to do list after the Florida project.  Yeah. Yeah. Let's get that going.  And then we'll try to make sure we hold back these these damn laws.  Yeah. That scrap of paper that said Kurt Russell underneath  it said, let it gasoline cigarettes next.  And yeah, Roy tried to make it happen, but  it was too tough without Walt.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Didn't have what it could.  Just like Eisner couldn't push through Disney's America without  Frank Wells helping him out. Yeah, true.  Yeah. Yeah. It's tough when you're when you're fighting the government.  Did Eisner ever smoke a cigarette in a Disney park?  Yeah, I think so. You think so?  And they let him do it.  Yeah, I just wondered, was there a photo of it?  I wonder where was it during maybe it was in France during construction.  I've always seen a photo of him smoking a cigarette.  Maybe that's up.  Sounds familiar.  Well, if we'll post it, if we find it.  OK, we'll look.  Anything else? And I'm really glad you brought up sweet cigarettes.  Yeah. Apparently. OK.  Also, Tokyo still got them for each park.  Yeah. Mostly indoors, which is kind of.  Yes, it's weird. Yeah. It's like a line to get indoors.  Yeah. There's this picture.  Yes. In Tomorrowland of a really long line.  Yes. To get into the smoking room.  Yeah. Smoking room, too.  Just that phrase. Wow.  Strange. That's interesting.  I'm trying to think of what I would prefer as a smoker.  I guess I'm a smoker.  I don't care about secondhand smoke.  Or maybe I do.  Maybe I think it's too much.  It can be irritating to the eyes.  That's true. Because then it's inside.  Everything smells. Your hair, your clothes.  It all depends on the ventilation, I guess.  Yeah. But still, it's interesting.  And Shanghai seemingly.  No, wait, Shanghai is a ton, as you said.  Hong Kong, I think, has none.  And they they pin it on covid protocols.  So I don't know if they'll ever come back.  That seems weird to me. Hong Kong is nothing.  And Shanghai is the most anywhere.  Yeah. Very interesting.  Mm hmm. So who knows?  What will happen? Who knows?  There was a sub request when this topic  one and was suggested.  And I feel like I have to give it a little a little time.  That is from Gunnar 420. Of course.  Thanks for subscribing to Club 3 Gunnar 420.  And and his reply was there.  I don't know.  The reply was a contrast that with where the current cool spots are  for vapors and weed smokers to go in the park currently.  L.O.L.  Um, so I did try to think about this a little bit.  And I did a little bit of research.  I watched a video called Getting Lit at Disneyland  on the channel Plugplay TV.  This is part of a series called Hijacked.  Apostrophic A apostrophe D.  The host of the show is life being dest.  And I learned from this, first of all, that this particular host was really  getting hyped to get into the park because she  she was going to try to bring in her blinkers.  Oh, bring in my blinkers.  So does that mean?  Not sure. Not sure.  But if if this person is considered a vape  fluencer, then,  you know, maybe blinkers are popular or easier to hide or something.  And from what I gleaned from this video and I encourage everyone to watch all  19 and a half minutes.  Oh, my God. Of this Getting Lit at Disneyland video.  I think if this video is correct, the current cool spot for vapors  is the bathroom. Really?  OK, bathrooms.  I think it's just still the bathrooms.  Yeah, because ultimately, you know, I mean, unless you're really just  throwing it out there. But, you know,  life being dest doesn't want to get kicked out of the park forever.  You know, she's still being discreet.  She did refer to smoking in the rides, too.  I think if you're vaping in a ride, it's pirates as the guy that we referred to.  Yeah. I don't know where you do it now in a post Barbosa era.  But I think maybe Haunted Mansion, you're saying.  We're talking dark rides, I think.  And I don't take this from me because I can't. I wouldn't.  I don't think I would get away from get away with it.  But if you also if you're like, if you feel like you're discreet,  if you're a pro YouTuber vape person,  then you could probably like spit those out, suck it in really fast.  You got you got to be dexterous with the pens, I think.  Yeah, yeah. I think.  Well, first off, if you're getting the pens through the metal detector at all  and second, I think that's maybe that's what's up with the blinkers.  Yeah. Maybe blinkers can't get detected.  And second, it seems like if you are making a YouTube video about it,  you're ignoring the first rule of just be cool about it, man.  Like, maybe keep it to yourself.  Well, that's what, you know, she didn't to her credit.  She didn't film when she did it on the rides.  Now, is this more of a light issue? Possibly. Yeah.  Still stopped and did some cool poses in the bathroom.  Just because you're in a bathroom stall doesn't mean you can't take great selfies.  And if it's in the California stall, a perfect place for it.  Yeah. Well, that would be yours.  Maybe that's where you vape.  But I think I think I would vape in that stall. Yeah.  I would do. Yeah. So you have your fruity pebbles.  The vape food.  I'm not nicotine fruity pebbles.  Oh, well, you're just thinking about a bowl where you see you were  sneaking an illicit sprite before eleven thirty in the morning.  Yeah. Yeah. It would be that stall.  A bowl. I'm not smoking a bowl. Eating a bowl.  OK. Fruity pebbles.  That's how Mike played.  But you still are discreet because you're well.  I brought this in from. Yeah.  Yeah. So I don't want to get caught for your fruity pebbles YouTube channel.  Not a bad idea for you.  No, look, it might happen.  Might be no other option.  Might come to that.  So that's my best guess for 20.  But I don't know.  I don't know if I can really judge things off of the hijacked series.  I wouldn't do it on the rides.  I don't even like sitting next to someone holding their giant phone on rides.  Or their baby, apparently.  Or, uh, no, no.  I I'm at Disneyland.  I know it's the children's place.  Like they they own the place.  But you said you told Mike, make sure you're courteous.  Well, I think it's if you know your child is scared of boats and darkness.  It's like, don't take them on dark boat ride.  That's all I'm at being courteous to the children,  because I've seen plenty of parents force their kid on something  they're terrified.  Yeah. And don't do that.  Very common.  But I also I've seen people live streaming from the parks.  And I know it's a thing where you talk to the chat.  But if you talk to the chat when you are on a ride, you are a psycho.  That is weird.  You seen that? I have seen that in person or on on on YouTube.  OK, like Jesus Christ, no one wants to hear.  Stop talking.  Wow. I'm on camera.  We want to see the ride. Who are you talking like?  What's what's Gunnar 420 saying?  Oh, we got a oh, we got a boulder coming.  I missed it. OK. Oh, shoot.  I wasn't filming. I'm sorry.  Thanks for catching Gunnar.  Make sure you shout it out a little.  You could give me a warning.  Hey, tell me ahead of time next time, Gunnar.  So I mean, do we I think we covered it pretty good.  Unless there's anything floating out there of like, what's the dream smoking spot?  I genuinely think mine now is is Captain Jack.  I'm going in a little cubby with Captain Jack.  That's probably right.  Just, you know, living on the wild side.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I'm trying to think. Yeah.  Jason, you have one off the top.  I do. And it would be the rare instance where I would choose the non swinging  Mickey's fun wheel cars, the stationary Mickey's fun wheel cars,  because you just go slowly up and down swinging.  Or non smoking or not.  Yeah. Oh, yeah, exactly.  Well, that would then you would get four.  Like if you had to pick swing or non and then you had to pick non smoking or  smoke like that, that might get confusing.  And it already takes a lot of load.  Everyone on and off there.  But I'm just saying, I think it would be too dangerous to do on a swinging car.  But on a stationary car, you'd be taking that first wheel to flavor town, you know,  because you burn yourself on the swinging car.  Yeah, you burn yourself or you light a small fire, burn your shirt.  You know, that would be a big problem.  Yeah.  I think that I'm going to say  I would like to smoke in the pre show on Guardians of the Galaxy  in the room with Rocket.  Get you amped up a little high.  I don't know, because he's like a gruff character.  I feel like if we all were in the little room smoking together.  Would make your voice sound like like his.  Yeah, it would be more right.  Yeah. Enhance your rocket impression.  Yeah. So and then you feel more like the guard.  I know the Guardians don't smoke and Marvel characters don't smoke anymore.  But a lot of Marvel characters used to smoke Wolverine.  I mean, he does in the first X-Men movie, but Wolverine's a cigar guy.  Yeah. Nick Fury, too. Nick Fury, cigar guy.  These are gruff characters.  Rockets had a cigar or two in his days.  Yeah, but I bet he stole them.  Well,  sure.  So, yeah, I want in the pre show on Guardians, I think.  That's I mean, it's a nice little study.  I don't think I think you got it.  I think you cigar it in there.  That's what I got to not to force you're right.  Yeah, I think when I when I think study, I think cigar.  Yeah. Marvel care.  Again, all these Marvel characters, I said cigars.  They're all cigar guys from the old days.  You find them down into the haunted mansion ballroom also  and kind of like the seat next to like certain  try to like have one sided conversations with some of the ghosts.  Yeah. If it's like a stogie with the ghosts, there's like, you know,  the Arnold Schwarzenegger thing where he's got the largest phallic cigar possible.  That he smokes like one of those, I think. Yeah, it could do.  Yeah. And you know what else?  I mean, like if you could have a celebratory cigar with the fast gang after.  Oh, God. A cigarette on the way in and a cigar on the way out.  Yeah. Yeah.  Cigarettes to give you the like amp you up a little bit.  Party. Cigar to celebrate.  Yes. Yeah. Yeah.  That's good. Wow.  Yeah. So I mean, because they say that you're part of the team.  But are you really until you've smoked a cigar?  No cigar to Corona.  Dominic Toretto's drink.  They should really just hand it.  There should be a little component on the part,  like a little compartment on the party bus where those pop out at you.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. People you've never that you could never close that right.  If that happened. Yeah. No.  They should let Jack Nicholson smoke  court side because he's back at the Lakers game.  And I couldn't be more thrilled about this.  Yes, that was very exciting when that was two games up to now.  But they should let him light up.  Yeah. Court side.  Yes. Only only him.  Only him. But yeah, I like that you can't you can't do it anywhere in the arena  unless you were one man at the dead center.  Yes. Yeah. Yeah.  Agreed. Well, that's our smoking policy.  And that's our exploration of smoking policies.  You survived podcast the ride.  Thanks for subscribing to Club 3, especially you, Gunnar.  Your bravery. Thank you, Gunnar.  Thank you, Gunnar.  For twenty, your bravery saved the podcast, your bravery.  Gunnar, for twenty, saved the podcast.  Well done, freedom fighters.  Topics for June, please.  And if they provoke a certain story, then they do.