 Forever.  Dog.  Warning, the following podcast contains  A Dragon That Cracks Wise,  Hip Hop Chimney Sweeps,  Comped Cousins,  and the wide reaching appeal of Tony Danza.  All this plus a look back at the Disneyland 35th anniversary special  with Joe Quizzala.  Ayy, it's podcast, The Ride.  Welcome to Podcast, The Ride,  a podcast about theme parks where one of the hosts  got their pants souped by theme park water  within three hours of this very record,  which is a very interesting podcast.  It's a podcast about theme parks  where one of the hosts got their pants souped  by theme park water within three hours of this very record,  which one was it? Was it Mike Carlson?  No, no way.  Dry as a bone, Jason Sheridan.  No, mine got sued for other reasons, don't worry about it.  You having a problem? We've been talking about feeling it,  having issues down there lately.  I know you guys are having a little bit of early onset something,  but is everything all right?  No, that just trickles a little bit.  That's all we were talking about.  That dries pretty quick.  It's normal, we're man in our 30s.  It's nothing wrong with it.  It's when that happens.  So that's souping.  It's a big thing.  Across the board.  So a soup wouldn't happen from that.  Total.  Okay.  That leaves me, Scott Gardner, high.  Yeah, do you want to guess the circumstances?  What could have happened where three hours ago?  Jurassic World?  Not Jurassic World.  One other probably location in the vicinity  where you could soup your pants.  Despicable Me Super Silly Funland.  Oh yeah, were you fraudulently playing around?  No, you're right.  That would be another one.  No, no, no.  I didn't frolic, nor did I take a shot at the Irish Bar  where you can get hammered and end up face down in the kiddie pool.  Like Sunset Boulevard.  Yeah, no.  I didn't have my own.  I didn't have to be resuscitated before this record.  Because I'm happy as you're just lying there.  Sometimes you get a little too happy around there,  and that's what I was doing.  No, this was City Walk Fountain.  Oh.  I danced with the devil at the City Walk Fountain.  My boy was feeling a little oddly brave.  It was kind of nice to see because he's a little bit hesitant.  He was getting pretty close to the water,  so I decided maybe we should brave it a little more.  But I picked him up.  I was like, I don't want him to just get...  Because one of those jets is twice his size potentially.  Knock him over.  Yeah, yes, actually, genuinely.  That's a lot of...  And he's sitting in the car right now.  He's just sitting around for 90 minutes to two hours.  I'm just blasting the heat.  Hopefully it's not too much for him.  But a toddler in a hot car is a problem if you forget that it's happening.  But if you did it on purpose, I think it's fine, right?  Yeah.  If you're controlling the heat.  Yeah, as long as the heat's on,  and he's got the Steely Dan discography, which is what I'm assuming.  Oh, yeah, yeah, no.  I got him a to-go order of bubblegum shrimp,  butterfly shrimp in the car too to keep him sustained.  Yeah, you know his taste.  I got him into shrimp early.  It's heading from a royal scam to gaucho, I think, right about now.  So he'll be below five.  No, but yeah, it got me more than him,  which led to the funny circumstance of like,  I am pretty soaked, and luckily I was on the way out, not the way in.  So car ride home, I'm sort of like,  the shirt got really soaked, souped too.  And like, do I really want to wear this for the whole,  and I elected not to, so I was just driving without my shirt for a little bit.  Wow, like a red pit in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.  Exactly the same, yeah, yeah.  And that's for anyone watching this one on YouTube,  that's what you're seeing under here.  I would, but I don't want this to be a bawdy show.  Exactly, just imagine Brad Pitt, and it's just what I got.  No, it felt weird, but I'm going to do it because I don't want this wet fabric on me  until I realized that my drive home had not one but two Rider Strike locations along the way.  And I'm like, what if I am at a stoplight, and right then a bunch of people go by,  and what if it's people I know?  What if it's like a lot of people I know at Warner Brothers or something?  Or not people I know, but like someone I really respect.  Like what if that's the day Vince Gilligan is out?  And then he sees a weird guy with his shirt off with a toddler in the back.  Bill Prady, James Burroughs.  They're all out.  They're all there.  Ah, that's a good little prelude.  Oh, that's excellent.  Chuck Lorre's out.  That's a reunion.  What if the reunion of the Disneyland 35th anniversary special was happening today?  I'd be mortified.  No, so it worked.  I threw a jacket on.  It was fine.  Now I'm regularly clothed, and I'm ready to talk about Disneyland's 35th anniversary special.  Excited for this one.  This is a very good theme park special, I think.  One I've always liked very much.  Maybe the best one.  It could be the best.  I mean, it's possible that you could enjoy one more, but maybe in a way, maybe because  it's bad or has problems.  But in terms of like genuine quality and like good material and shooting style, this one's  pretty up there.  This special is free on YouTube in various ways.  If you want to watch along with us or watch it first before we do it.  And speaking of specials that are free on YouTube, that is something that our guest  has.  That's a pretty good tie together, right?  So put those back to back.  Disneyland's 35th anniversary special.  And then right after that, ooh la la, the new comedy special from our guest Joe Quazzalla.  It's Joe Quazzalla.  Hey.  Hey, guys.  Thanks for having me.  Absolutely.  Very impressed by the segue.  It's pretty nice, right?  That you could load those up back to back.  Yeah, make a playlist.  Yeah, yeah.  We should do that, actually.  Well, this episode, we're putting something in the playlist right now.  That's almost a full day's worth of entertainment.  At 24 hours.  Perfect.  So excited to have you.  Excited to talk that you brought this to the table also.  And I know and now I realize that it like I know this comes from an area of interest  of yours.  I know from going to your place that time that you have a fondness for not just old  specials, but old specials on VHS with the commercials baked in.  From my personal collection.  Yes.  So I have this special on a VHS tape from the night it aired.  And I have at one point I converted it to DVD and then recently I converted it to digital.  So now I have it on a hard drive.  And that's how I watched it for this episode was I watched my taping of this special from  February 4th 1990 with the commercials intact, which you can.  There's a version of this that's on YouTube that has the original commercials from the  original broadcast.  Wow.  It matches.  Outside of one that was different.  Yeah, it matched.  It matched up with what I had.  One local.  Did I see one that I ended up after you said that I was like, I got to watch this.  I got to watch the commercial.  I want to see the commercials.  There seemed like a very like sad one about like homeless Louis.  Yeah.  So that must have been local to whoever uploaded that.  Mine was commercial for Liquid Plumber.  For some reason we didn't have like an analogous local commercial.  It was just like two actors with mustaches playing Plumber is being like, I mean, I don't  want you to use Liquid Plumber, but it works.  So that's uplifted.  That's a good trade out.  That's a happier.  Absolutely.  That's what Pittsburgh, local Pittsburgh, NBC affiliate wanted instead of a harrowing  documentary about the homeless problem.  Yeah.  Well, then let me ask you Pittsburgh then.  So what is, you grew up there or lived there then at least?  Yes, my whole childhood.  Okay.  Okay.  What was your theme park?  Well, the thing is the local Pittsburgh theme park is Kennywood.  Uh-huh.  I, growing up, I didn't realize that it was like a kind of unusual thing to have like  a cool theme park in your town.  But my parents are from Ohio, so we would go to Cedar Point.  Yeah.  Okay.  Every summer.  And I have very fond memories of going to Cedar Point every year.  Back then there was the kids area was branded with the Baron Stain Bears, which is how when  the Mandela effect came up years later.  I was like, no, no, no.  I spent a lot of time with the family.  Oh, you knew.  You were like, you've seen this in print in person.  Yes.  It was all over the place.  Yeah.  It was, yeah, not something that I would have gotten, you know, that just peripherally came  by, which I think was the problem with the Mandela effect is when you're not paying attention.  But when you're in the shit in the Baron Stain Bears park within Cedar Point, you don't  forget a thing like that.  Were they the walk around characters?  Do they have their house or anything?  Like what was the setup?  Yeah, there was like, there was definitely a house and there were like, I recall there  being a slide inside of a fake tree.  Yeah.  And when it was like a dark slide, I suppose, the kind of slide you go through and it's  pitch black for like three seconds.  And then you come out, which is scary, but fun as a kid.  And then one of the things I used to do as a kid at the Baron Stain Bears park, which  is like, my parents thought it was funny because it wasn't special to this place, but they  just would have pieces of paper and crayons.  I just sit and like draw for hours just like at the Baron Stain Bears park because it was  fun.  And also, I don't know, maybe it was like novel that like I could like draw with people,  new people, I guess.  Now it's Snoopy.  As is almost every, there's so much, I was just at a Snoopy in the great America up north.  Is it Knott's also Snoopy?  Yeah.  And then a bunch of other ones are, I think Canada's Wonderland that we just covered as  some Snoopy.  Yeah.  Doherty Park pivoted from Bern Stain Bears to Snoopy at some point in Allentown, Pennsylvania.  Yeah.  I mean, I get it.  It's a stronger brand.  Like they were running out of stuff to do with the Bern Stain Bears.  Want to wear a Moo Moo like Ma?  Like Ma, Baron Stain Bear?  Joe, did you know this came up on the show recently in one of the books that says Ma  is 27 years old.  No.  Man, because Ma does, she's, I guess the phrase is old maid.  She seems like an old maid.  Yes.  It's all about the hat.  When you change that hat out, it ages you down, I don't know, 30 years, 50 years, way,  way down.  Because it seems like she should be in a rocking chair knitting.  Like that's the vibe of Ma, Baron Stain Bear.  Yeah.  No one, if you're just a mom, if grand or great aren't in your title, why are you wearing  that hat?  Yeah.  It's like, but Pa was also felt, oh, he didn't feel like a youthful bear.  No, I mean he was Farmer Corps.  He's had the overalls and the hat.  So that's got a wider range than whatever that, I mean, should we try to describe the  Ma Baron Stain Bear hat?  I don't know how to quite, I almost want to say it's like a shower cap.  It's a lot like a shower cap.  Yeah.  Such a strange choice.  It's like a sleeping bonnet, but she's wearing it at all times.  Right.  It matches her dress, as I recall.  Which makes it seem like this is a pajama.  Ensemble.  Ensemble, yes, exactly.  Yeah, so for whatever reason, I guess, look, as I think I said before, bears, I guess they  used to age differently back then, I guess.  When we were kids, they just seemed, people thought that we thought they were older, but  ultimately we don't know what the bear's lifespan is either.  And when you start feeling old.  Yeah, exactly.  So yeah, it's possible that she was 60s bear years, in her 60s bear years.  And that might have been normal.  We don't know how many sets of children that couple had that then grew up and left the  den.  And they never saw them again.  Oh, interesting.  And then how many were to come.  Yeah, there could be fully grown Baron Stain Bears.  Is there a Baron Stain Bears book like the end of the David the Gnome show where they  die and become part of the grass and everyone watches and horrified terror like the swift  the fox did on that episode.  If you know what I'm talking about.  I do.  I do.  Absolutely.  Did you have that on VHS from your childhood?  No, but I remember that was that was on Nickelodeon for a little bit.  Yeah.  Right in the age where I would have been watching.  And I checked out like the pilot of David the Gnome recently.  And if you guys have watched it recently, you'll notice.  Oh, I will.  I know exactly what you're talking about.  Yeah, I don't.  Harvey Harvey and Bob Weinstein.  Oh, no.  No.  What in the.  That's supposed to be so shocking to see.  Oh, and really, you're really not expecting it.  Like what?  David the Gnome.  It's a beautiful theme song.  And then as soon as that's happening and like the lush you're going over like the.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  I think it's also repurposed cartoon from Spain.  Yes.  Or some.  Yeah, it was definitely an import.  And there was nudity in the original because Andrew Grissom gave me a David the Gnome toy  that was vintage.  And if you look on the back, there's naked gnomes.  And I went, what the heck?  Well, that was custom.  That's the way it was custom.  Custom by him or for Mike.  Oh, for Mike.  Me.  Andrew had that.  Naked David the Gnome's wife, Martha, I think was her name.  The opening shot of David the Gnome is David taking a bath.  Yeah.  And like the big with the big scrub brush.  And then he but so in an uncut version, he stands up.  He stands up full frontal.  Yeah.  A slow tracking shot into his pubes.  Also uncut.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Absolutely.  Where is he getting that thing circumcised?  Come on.  Come on.  By a magical bird.  Oh, yeah.  Maybe like an ogre.  An ogre comes and chops it.  Has a sickle and just kind of.  Any number of sources.  Yeah, you're right.  I'm wrong.  I'm sorry.  I'm wrong about that.  Is that when you to go back to your specials with commercials collection, does anything  else strike you as like a crown jewel of something that you've kept up or that you know you have  or just that you're fond of?  My favorite discovery, because it was only maybe like 10 years ago that I found the tapes  and was like, oh, I should like I didn't realize I don't know what's here.  Right.  Yeah.  One of my favorites is the pilot of a TV show called Scorch.  Yeah.  I think we talked about Scorch a little bit.  Scorch is hysterical.  I feel like we must have.  100% green lit in the success of Dinosaurs, the TV show.  Or and probably ALF.  And ALF as well.  It's kind of the ALF format.  It's early 90s.  And it was the backstory is that there was a guy like a nightclub act like ventriloquist  with a dragon puppet.  And they chose to take the puppet and make him the star of a sitcom.  And the premise is that the dragon overslept by 100 years, which doesn't seem like long  enough.  Wait.  It breaks up in like 92 or something.  And we're seeing like 1892 when like there was photography.  Maybe on like some fundamentalist Bible timeline.  Yeah, we had no we had dragons in the 1890s.  Look at that.  They fought.  They rode on them in the Civil War.  But yeah, Scorch oversleeps.  And then he crashes literally into the home of a single father and his cute precocious  little girl and then is part of the family for some reason.  Was the dad then the guy who puppeteered him or did the puppeteer stay below?  The puppeteer stayed below was not full ALF.  Yeah, full ALF.  OK.  That guy's not a presence.  But the idea of ventriloquism is baked into the premise of the show because Scorch the  dragon gets stuck or sneaks into the like duffel bag of the lead who is trying out to  be the weatherman for the local news.  And they don't like him until this wisecrackin dragon pops up.  And they're like, we like him for the news.  Oh, wow.  We like your puppet that you're doing.  And he's like, yeah, puppet.  And that's part of the premise of Scorch.  But what if?  What would have been the whole series is that it's a newscaster team of a human and a little  dragon.  Yes.  One part of the.  And now we throw it out with the desk.  It's Dan and Scorch.  Right.  And then the other aspect would be the home life of a little girl and her new brother,  Scorch.  That's really insane.  I think my here's why I know about Scorch from prior.  I believe my wife, Erin, went to elementary school with the kid of Scorch's not owner,  but creator.  No.  What do you call him?  The weatherman.  Oh, OK.  The father.  His landlord, really.  OK.  Yes.  Although there is a landlord character, as you can imagine.  It's not the land.  I don't know.  There's a woman who's like, what's going on in here?  It's like, was that a puppet?  You know, that kind of stuff.  Oh, you need your ropers in this situation.  But the puppet is famous.  The puppet will be famous.  Oh, right.  Soon the puppet will be.  Once you check out the evening news.  So that's going to have to go out the window.  Oh, wait.  Yeah.  And in their, the lie is that it's a puppet.  Right.  This is very confusing.  Yeah.  Or is he more concerned about anyone finding out that it's a real dragon because they might  need to like test it?  Probably.  I guess that's it.  It breeds fire.  That's, yeah, kind of.  It's a workplace hazard at the news station.  And not good for the landlord and her property.  Yeah, definitely.  Oh, yeah.  That's true.  That's actually waiting to happen left and right.  Yeah.  This is this made me think of I must have talked about it before, but I had to look up what  it was called.  And in doing so, I discovered something about it I did not know.  But the show Unhappily Ever After, that was the one.  Of course.  The Mary with Children, which is off with Bobcat.  That was that.  Bobcat called to aid is a voice of a puppet.  I did not know.  I mean, I knew Nikki Cox.  I didn't know Kevin Connelly was on it.  I didn't realize there was 100 episodes of Unhappily Ever After.  Yeah.  And, you know, it provided an actual Unhappily Ever After, the marriage of Nikki Cox and  Bobcat Goldthwait.  Which didn't last.  What?  Really?  Yeah.  Whoa.  Did you know that one?  You know who she I don't know if she necessarily left Bobcat for him, but she went on to another  comedian after Bobcat.  I know all about the Nikki Cox marriage.  She then went to Jay Moore.  Oh, were they on a show together?  Did that cause that or was that just a separate?  That seems likely, but I do not know.  Jay Moore who's now married to the owner of the laborers.  With J.B. Bush.  Yes.  What an insane.  Was Jay Moore on Las Vegas?  That sounds right.  Because she was on Las Vegas.  I can't say that with any certainty.  Did they meet at the upfronts?  Like he was there for action.  Action.  She was there.  It's possible.  That might.  Yeah.  There's no better time to be Jay Moore than action.  You know, he's hot then.  She had a sitcom about married dating a pro wrestler.  I just want to confirm Nikki Cox and Jay Moore met while filming Las Vegas.  Okay.  Wow.  You do know.  I don't know why you know.  He might have been a guest star or something.  You know, that one of those.  I think that's what it was.  Yeah, because Duhamel was the star.  Yes.  I mean, who can forget Jimmy Khan and Duhamel.  Jimmy Khan, Las Vegas.  We have not talked about the show Las Vegas in six years on this show.  That's actually crazy because I remember when I was doing my tour guide training at Universal  Studios, one of the things that like they gave the whole class an assignment and everyone  had to go learn about an NBC or Universal property and do a little like book report  about it essentially.  And I was assigned Las Vegas.  I had to go learn who the stars were.  And you know, it's an action packed series involving the ins and outs.  Now I don't remember the name of the casino shows you how much it stuck with me.  I why they should have stripped me of that valedictorian.  They should now strip me retroactively of my valedictorian status.  That's right.  I was the valedictorian.  I should drop that more often.  Yeah, you really should.  I was I was never you can imagine I was never the valedictorian of anything else.  The accredited institutions.  But that's a school.  There was a classroom where you earn that status by naming all of the desperate housewives.  Their names and actresses.  Yeah, I've talked before about I had to know that because the wisteria lane was a big part  of the tour at that time.  So I had to know the actresses, the the character names and what house it was.  Is that Brenda Strong's voice I hear?  It sounds like we're coming up on with stereo lane.  I just remember it was always the most pained.  Never did I take pauses more because I was pretty slick.  Otherwise, like that's the bungalow where Alfred Hitchcock made many of his classic  films.  You know, that's the clip you got to do it at.  But I would just like go dark for like and over there, the periwinkle house is where  the home of Nicolette Sheridan, who played Brie.  Jesus.  That's not a name.  Chris.  Jesus. I think her name is Jesus on the show.  Don't look it up.  You don't have smartphones right now.  Anyway, it's 2006.  You can't look it up. As far as you know, I'm the guy who knows everything.  Truly like like such torture.  But I had that information in my head for a week and a half and then.  Yeah, gone.  Pulling teeth to remember it.  But Scorch, I'll never Scorch and Scorch debuted with another show that was for probably  for a similar audience, a little more infamous Fish Police.  Of course, we just talked about the police.  Yeah, this really is awesome.  These things are really haunting the show.  Berenstain Bears, Fish Police.  Well, we just learned that that guy Ken drew the Fish Police comic.  Oh, yes, the guy who works at NECA toys.  No, no, he just worked with them.  Oh, he's the guy. He's like an animator and stuff.  And he worked on Tiny Toons.  He's worked on a million different animated things, but we learned he drew the comics  of Fish Police.  Spinoff. Wow. The most in demand item.  Craving more Fish Police.  Got to have more Fish Police.  Check out your comics.  Local comic stand.  Primetime show.  The thing it's in Primetime, but you watch it and you're like, this is a Saturday  morning cartoon.  Did they just call it up and move it wrongly because the Simpsons did?  Is that what happened?  Yeah.  I never thought about that.  Networks were hungry for Primetime animated shows, but they they knew it had to be  animated, but they didn't think about why the Simpsons was funny or why it was  successful. Yeah.  It was just like, oh, it's animated.  Well, you need more animated shows.  And so they would get animated shows that felt like they should not be in Primetime.  Yeah. And it looked like they Fish Police looks like it should be.  We need our bleeping Simpsons.  We need our bleeping capital critters.  OK. Yeah.  That was the other I've never I've never dove into capital critters.  I'm curious. Is that like an alternate dimension where the president and all of  all of Washington are critters or are they critters who live?  They live underneath.  Oh, it's like that.  It's like that Ben Franklin Disney thing where concurrently there's an animal  equivalent of our human thing.  It's like the Tom and Jerry Wizard of Oz where they're just like hanging out in  the background while the Wizard of Oz happens.  Oh, yeah. Not affecting the right.  Well, this is good. I've learned so much now.  I know why Scorch was around.  I still am sorry to stay on Scorch.  I had one more question.  My my question.  Wait, I had it was a question.  Oh, that what they didn't take into account as a possible like what happens on the day  that a hurricane or a tornado like some acts like 500 are dead today in our town.  Now for a report from the weather, the carnage on the ground is Scorch.  You get solemn Scorch wiping his brow, giving a Cronkite level.  Saturday today, Sunday today, in Dallas today.  Scorch taking off his glass.  Yeah, put a glass of Scorch just so we can take them off.  Solidly take them off.  Shake his head.  But you know, he's a pro.  He gets his composure back ASAP.  The Vice President.  Well, Jack Ruby being escorted through a parking garage.  If only Scorch had landed 30 years prior, the fun that could have been had.  He hadn't overslept.  But all the things Scorch was asleep for.  Oh, that all had to be explained to him.  I'll imagine that's the episode we never got.  Yeah.  Yes.  Catching Scorch up the last time.  Oh, you got a lot to learn Scorch.  That's actually better that he overslept for that because he was supposed to be on the grassy.  No, you're right.  There's remember, wake up at this spot from this grass.  You're either getting a call from the Cubans or from this guy, George H.  W. Bush.  OK, and you've got to be in this one know.  Do you know what a knoll is?  Was he supposed to help?  Was he like, like, OK, we got two people shooting, but just in case as a backup,  we're going to have a little dragon.  Who's the distraction?  It was going to be our first dragon sighting in America.  We've been waiting to deploy this for a long time.  We need so we need to kill the president, but we will have a dragon appear.  Everyone will be concentrating on the dragon and then, boom, we take out  tragedy, tragedy of Dallas Day, but also something else.  Dragon confusingly.  Dragons are real.  That's a tough day to be the newspaper editor.  OK, well, we got we know what the big headline is, but some of the front page has to be  dedicated something to this dragon.  Dragons are real.  We have this deproter film, but it left the car and it goes on with the dragon.  We got great footage of the dragon.  We almost saw the car, but then we got to see a dragon do a couple like barrel rolls.  Getting an AP wire that just says eating ash.  Oh, my God, what could have been?  But OK, we shift now to other 1990s prime time oddities.  And I'm so I'm so glad you brought up this one, you know, because it's a fun  what people have asked us to do this one.  Certainly I love this.  But but specifically, I remember this airing.  I vividly remember it airing.  I remember it scaring me because I'd been to Disneyland by that point,  was already obsessed with Disneyland by that point.  And there's a bunch of things that happen in it that made me have to ask my parents,  can that happen?  Does that happen?  Things go further in a lot of it's it's really that's what a lot of what this is,  is kind of ride throughs where things get a little crazier than your typical ride.  Yeah, yeah.  I had those questions, too, watching it as an adult, like, was that can that happen back then?  How much of this is canon?  Yeah, yeah.  I now some some bigger context for this also, the the 35th anniversary,  because I is also what you walked right into.  I'm I'm very fond of the 35th anniversary.  Regardless, it's really what you know, when you're pondering your favorite  anniversaries.  It's such a bizarre one to pick, like usually like wait for 40.  Mm hmm. Right. Yeah.  Twenty five is is a classic one to celebrate.  Thirty five. Yeah.  It's like they had the they had the space in the schedule.  I mean, I think it just shows you that they had a lot of money.  I was going to say you're at the whim of the economic situation.  Yeah, I think so.  You have the money.  Anniversaries they've ignored.  But yes, five in 1990, they're doing great.  Little Mermaid has just happened.  Yeah. Yeah.  The Renaissance Renaissance is yeah, has gone is kicking.  Yeah, this is a very confident Walt Disney Company.  They have who Frayne Roger Abt was a huge hit.  Little Mermaid was a huge hit.  They got three parks open in Florida.  Yeah, like this is this is not the era of like we're taking down  the mysterious Benedict Society from streaming.  This Marvel movie made tons of money, but not enough tons of money.  Like this is a very different time.  You're not going to this era.  You don't call the the golden era.  A moment we're in now.  Yeah, this year.  Twenty twenty three has not been.  It's not. Yeah.  No, maybe Elemental will take them out of this mess.  Yeah. Bob Iger's at the the launch of the new Apple VR goggles for thirty five hundred.  Do you think Michael Eisner was over at the Virtual Boy launch  a couple of years later? No way.  He was swinging his big dick around and all the new parks.  That's right. Getting rides open, getting big stars to show up for these specials.  The thing I was going to say about thirty fifth  party grah parade.  Oh, yeah. Very they milked the footage of this parade a lot.  It's in this special  very memorable parade with big, tall balloons of the primary characters  all in Mardi Gras mode.  This is the Calypso.  Yeah. Yeah. Montage that we see later.  Yeah. Yeah.  They packed those all up and then eventually shipped them to Florida  where they did a different parade.  Oh, right. Rearranged it a little bit.  So those are around.  Those were in the company vernacular for a long time.  There's some other special where they got the Buster  Poindexter in the fold to do hot, hot, hot.  Wow. In 1990.  This is this will be the year of hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot,  Renaissance. We're going to make it happen.  Also, and this shows up in this thing a little bit  or at the very end, they had something called the dream machine.  Anybody do you kind of remember the dream machine?  Every guest in the park for the 35th anniversary got a prize of some kind.  Everyone. It's our birthday, but you're getting the gifts.  And I think some of those gifts were sort of cruddy.  It could just be a long thing.  Yeah. Yeah. This whole this whole time, this particular anniversary.  But the gifts could be pretty solid.  It could be money to use on a Delta Airlines flight.  It could be US savings bonds. Wow.  Like your grandpa might give you Disney gave it to you.  And if you were very, very lucky, you would go and pull a lever  on the Disney dream machine.  And if that really worked out for you, you could win a 1990 GEO.  They gave away a car every single day.  Whoa. Every day, a big red GEO was  that would rise out of a platform.  You know how we've talked about how they that the partner statue,  the statue of Walt, they put in there so that they'd stop  like putting gaudy crap in the middle of the park and blocking the castle.  And to do this thing, they had to dig into the ground there  to make the space for a big platform that would raise a GEO up every single day.  They did like I miss this.  I vividly recall and because I assumed it would have in my head  at five years old and like, well, we're going to.  All right. So how many people are in Disneyland every day?  A hundred as much as I can count to.  Odds are pretty good.  I think we're riding a car.  And I also thought we will ride that car off the platform  straight down Main Street and.  Oh, yeah. Yeah.  And leave our old car to ride.  Or maybe take a quick stop at the Autopia, ride that track.  Oh, yeah. They got to show off your stuff and then. Yeah.  Oh, yeah. Demolish other cars.  Those are the other cars. Yeah.  Yeah. Because they're replacing that underground GEO every day.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  It's got to get swapped out.  Certainly, they did not just use the same car  and then give you a thing that you get a car somewhere else.  In my head, they're yeah.  Guests are riding new GEOs straight through the turnstiles every single day.  Yeah. The brand guy, the head, the like GEO guy is like, got to relocate  to Anaheim for a year.  I'm on a special project.  It's pretty cool. A lot of sales this year.  Of sales. Did you pull the lever ever?  No, no. OK, because I think only a rare few guys got to pull the lever.  Were some of the prizes like a 16 ounce bottle of Coca Cola?  I think that's OK.  OK, yeah.  Maybe just a thimble, just a taste, a free taste of Coke.  Yeah. Surplus new Coke being passed out.  They had to do something with it. Yeah. It was all sitting around.  But there's one more thing to say about this this special.  And Brad, I sent you a still if I just sent one still.  And it's this wonderful logo.  Do we have the logo  with the moving?  Well, you know, I don't I don't have that.  But here just is the basic the 35 years of magic logo.  I love this logo. Great.  So much super 80s, wonderful like dusk gradient.  My wife has a sweater that I think she inherited from her grandma  that she wears like almost every day.  I look at this logo almost every day.  I'm prepared to say that this would work today.  Like, this doesn't seem like that dated.  Yeah, there's a classic quality to it.  It gets reissued a lot like this and like the 25th  or 25th anniversary of Disney World,  which is mostly just the characters standing around around a big 25.  Yeah, tasteful logo, like cool, kind of forward thinking,  kind of 80s, 90s rather than like stuck at like kind of gaudy, stuck in an era.  That one that we just pulled up also, I believe  that wasn't like a like a digital asset.  That was a picture of like a signpost that they because they go up on that auction thing.  Oh, right. And I like they have them a lot.  I keep thinking I'm going to do it.  Do you know how much it's going for?  It's too much money for like  for one thing that was on one sign and it's kind of scuffed up.  What we just pulled up was kind of scuffed up.  But I take the scuffs. I love that logo.  How we get someone to just make it for you.  Yeah, maybe.  But you have to know that it was there.  Well, that's like it was getting the molecules from performances of hot, hot, hot.  It was like soaking them up.  It's in there.  The molecules are trapped in there still somewhere.  There's a cost.  There's a you do both costs and then see how much it's worth to you  that the molecules are in it.  That's what I think with some of this stuff.  Well, yeah, free is kind of.  Yeah, well, I'll think about it.  I do like those molecules. I want those molecules.  But so anyway, it's it's a big year.  Big, big logos.  Hot, hot, hot to have a lot of Geo's and they got to celebrate in a big way.  So you got this February 4th, 1990 on NBC.  Strangely, yes, it was you like you forget about that era.  But like I think would be like five years later when they merged with ABC.  Yeah, like just seeing a Disney thing on NBC with NBC properties.  It just like kind of gives you whiplash.  It still feels weird, even though that's how they were doing it for a while.  And really where I like kind of fell in love with these kind of specials  and with the Michael Eisner intros and the the hellos.  I don't know if you know this, too.  We're very we're so fond of Michael Eisner acting.  This is a big man.  What a treat. What an absolute treat.  It's also just crazy that I knew Michael Eisner by name when I was five.  Yes. Yeah. What a weird, weird thing.  Why? Weird.  Some CEO, especially in this era where like I'm going to venture to say  a lot of these CEOs right now are not particularly well liked.  No, sir. Sort of strange.  We all grew up with affinity for Michael Eisner as if it was winning the pool.  Or he was trying to be Walt.  Right. That's why he did it, I think, was because the, you know, precedent set by Walt.  And he's like, well, I'm Walt now.  Well, I don't know if that's exactly right.  But OK, the guy who got booked for this job, you didn't make this place for us.  But but the other like so.  So this is like right in the era that I love very much.  And I recall I like the I watched one YouTube that was missing some important elements.  Oh, glad I watched the full one with the commercials.  Does it remind me of something that I can't believe has not come up  in all the time we've been doing this, which is the magical world of Disney theme?  Yes, I got this.  That's obviously what my tape had that full thing in there  and had the 90s like a remix of When You Wish Upon a Star.  Right. So good. I got a clip of this.  Brett, could you pull up magical world of Disney theme?  I think this had a let's just like the logo created an aesthetic like  or at least like influenced me in an aesthetic way.  The kind of aesthetics I like and chase this theme.  I feel like influenced my music taste in a major way.  That's bang.  And you're shooting past like going around the space like Spaceship Earth in this cool way.  Yeah. Yeah.  And claps that elevated everything to me.  It's like, oh, it's a wonderful world at Disney.  Here's the parks.  Here's like flying shots through the parks.  Yeah. It's like, well, the parks are important.  It's on television. Yeah.  Third parent. You know.  Is there anything comparable at the moment like that?  I know they do the music in there.  Yeah. For the movies, they have like a longer intro.  They've been doing it for a few years where they really like soar over the hills.  And you get a little bit of a longer like emotional beat, I guess.  But there's nothing is fucking cool.  Is that shit? No.  I mean, I did like when that that current intro, the like lush CGI worlds with the,  you know, very much the Disney World castle.  But then all these like it's all like rivers and trains going by, which is always cool.  But I especially loved it when then you hear a little voice humming the melody.  And then in comes the most well rendered cricket, the least creepy cricket  you've ever seen who lowers down.  Of course, describing the beginning of Zemeckis' Pinocchio.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. We all continue to think about and revere.  And it's just so great to see him, you know, land in our world like that.  Sure. With his his face that doesn't look like he was like cut by a knife  20 times, scored on every every inch.  Yeah, I was thinking yesterday, I was like,  was there a live action lady in the tramp in the middle of the lockdown years?  And I was like straight to Disney Plus.  Yeah, some of those live action straight to Disney Plus ones really,  you know, giving out psychic damage to a very hard time.  Was Justin Theroux Tramp or something?  I believe that's true. Am I wrong?  Oh, I first I was like, was it Dev Patel?  But that was a joke I made about the Fox and the Hound.  Oh, that was a hypothetical one.  Yeah, right. It's hard to remember.  It's like because it's just it's all folded into these.  Yeah, fake ones that I have joked about in the past.  Yeah, where you're like, you know, like, yeah, let's say the new little mermaid  where Aquafina is scuttle.  And wait, what do you mean that happened?  A funny joke a few years ago.  There's talk that they said that the Lion King is going to be their Star Wars  universe. Oh, my God.  Yeah, we haven't talked about that.  Yeah. What is that?  Wait, the rumor is is that, yeah, they're going to do Simba's pride.  They're going to do it all. Yeah.  Everything you'd ever want to see from that one movie.  Remember when you saw Lion King and you said not enough.  Yeah. I do all of it.  So it's just going to become a series of like made for TV, limited series.  Every place you want to watch it, it'll be available.  OK, Theroux and Tessa Thompson.  Yeah. OK. Yeah.  Yeah. I thought I've never seen it.  I just I just knew that this is as as arbitrary.  As any names we could have come up with.  Yeah. Yeah. Just like, you know, like go on the star meter.  Look at the top 500.  Pick a random one. 22 and four ninety two.  Some of the live action casting, it's like, OK, you can predict it by like  who got a profile in Vanity Fair Esquire.  Lord, it's just one of the things you get now when you get famous.  Yeah. Yeah.  SNL, you know, Disney live action.  Yeah. And you can get a liquor.  A magazine, a multi page magazine profile that an executive or their assistant  will see going, who's this new up and comer?  Well, they could be Bianca and Bernard.  Surely. Oh, let's mock like a mock up at GQ with you on the cover  and just send it to Disney. Yeah.  Oh, that sounds great.  Yeah. We'll get you in that.  The clothes that Jerry Seinfeld wore in that one photo shoot a couple of months ago.  Oh, yeah. Oh, right.  Oh, yeah. Cool jacket.  The cool jacket, everything.  And like we'll do the same poses and then we'll just send it a couple of  a couple of copies to Disney.  Yeah. It was a great spread about this up and comer, Jason Sheridan.  And I really liked his perfume ad, too.  Yeah. Yeah. The sample smelled wonderful.  Let's get him for Sword in the Stone. Yeah.  Look, me and Beanie, Beanie Feldstein, we had a great time  making live action rescuers, you know, I just call her Beanie.  Beans. You don't know this.  Yeah. I mean, Beans.  She hates that. She hates it, but she kind of likes it.  She lets me do it. Yeah, I do it.  So if I may just occasionally  give a little bit of texture to the tape that I was watching.  Oh, please. Yeah.  We got a snippet of a news promo right before this began.  And just so you guys know what's happening,  Geraldo was spending 24 hours as a condemned man on death row.  So that's what was happening  on NBC either that week or later that night.  Now, you go see what life is like if you were in prison  and then you and you eat the food and you experience the small spaces.  OK, sure. And then you really are doing it.  But if you're on death row, we're lacking one big actual component.  Climax of that experience. Yeah.  Was he did they at least like fool him into thinking he was really going to be executed?  I think these are all questions that were answered in the special.  I only got the promo. Yeah. Sorry.  You want to know if he got the last cigarette and the firing line walks at the root?  Well, I just want to know how committed to the bit Geraldo was.  Does he order a final meal that just eats the leaves?  That's the end. He just gets the nicest like a bunch of ice cream.  Do they do like the strap him in and like the that seems like a very  very franconstein thing to do? Absolutely.  It is like a big showy like Frankenstein's monster version of the electric chair.  Just descending upon his fucking skull.  Yeah. Yeah.  And then you got to be that. Oh, we got to find that.  Yeah. But then all the walls come down, right?  Then they flip a switch.  But it's just that all the walls come down and then all his friends and family.  Surprise.  Just did Blitzer scene from Mission Impossible.  Yes. Yeah.  Pulls off his fucking face mask.  I've never seen is there is Trump.  I've never seen someone eat a whole viennet of ice cream cake that  I have experienced.  I've never experienced it.  Oh, so terrified thinking about a die.  So one more. Is there a backup around anywhere?  Geraldo was like an original try guy in a lot of ways.  Wow. In many ways.  Yeah.  Geraldo tries out the Al Capone vault.  He tries out death row.  Tries out getting.  Did he would do get like head butted or stabbed or something?  What was the physical thing that happened to him?  I recall Rick Sanchez, I feel like, kind of inherited that role.  He was a guy got waterboarded because he was like, well, yeah,  I guess not really torture.  And they think they like do it for like one second.  He's like, oh, oh, no, no.  Geraldo tried out being in a  foreign battlefield, being in a foreign theater of war while having a gun on him.  Do you remember that? Really?  No, I don't think I do.  During the Iraq war, they were interviewing him and and he he made some weird  offhand comment and they're like, Geraldo, are you armed?  And he's like, well, I can't.  This is a very complicated place.  And it's just like Geraldo just want to brag about like having a  handgun on his person.  I don't remember that.  No, me neither. But it's.  We've said we've talked about him enough now that there'll be a pay walled episode  coming soon.  Probably enough for all of her all.  Though, yeah. Yeah.  Well, he's on Baywatch.  So that's playing a wacky nerd.  That's what got me.  They watch and somebody let me know.  I didn't know that.  Was G Gordon Liddy ever on Baywatch?  What wasn't he on the Miami Vice?  Yeah, he's on a lot of shows.  Oh, I love that came from nowhere.  Yeah. And then also the Pennsylvania lottery numbers, Daily, eight, seven, four.  And the big four is four, three, four, one.  That's OK.  Thank you. Thank you.  That brings up like like now when my girlfriend and I, when we're like  half asleep, we're winding down asleep.  I will often put on YouTube compilations of like  it's one of my favorite genres now of like 80s, 90s commercials.  Like it's just like 30 minutes or an hour of commercials.  But then I always reach over and like skip, skip embedded ads,  like skip the YouTube.  Yes, the current commercial.  I need to watch the old ones.  I want to watch the old ones that's lulling me to sleep.  But yes, I'm watching lots of ads, but not like that.  Yeah, I don't need to see the real ads for things I can't buy.  So special proper.  Let's here's some other like full wrap around context.  And this is going to give away some of who's in it,  which certainly we could do the list ourselves.  But you got to we love our jam packed special openings  where they say a lot of names really quick.  Breck, you pull the clip 35th special opening  because it is just an assault of of celebrities.  Yeah, a good list. Sure.  Tonight Disneyland's throwing a party and you're all invited.  Host Tony Danza is all choked up with special guests from the cast of Cheers.  Everybody loves Disney.  Miss Piggy. Oh, I wish I could be Cinderella.  And the Muppets.  Know what I mean? Ernest.  And it's true. Charlie.  I sure know it has gotten wet in my mouth.  President Reagan, DJ, Jassy, Jeff and the Fresh Prince  and the whole cast of your favorite Disney characters.  It's Disneyland's 35th anniversary celebration.  It's a good lineup. It's a very good line up.  Yeah, yes, indeed. All over the map.  Pop culturally.  Cheers, as we said, weird seeing NBC properties and like the biggest NBC  property and getting to hear their thoughts about Disney.  Something that probably didn't typically happen on the show.  The supporting cast.  Yeah, we're missing a couple.  Yeah, that's true.  You're right. You're right.  Yeah, they are there for Mickey's 60th, which was two years before.  And I guess Dancin and Kirsty Alley are not involved here.  Yeah, you mentioned that when you brought up doing one of these specials,  you also brought up Mickey's 60th birthday, which you also have  with the commercials and all aired two years prior.  Similar specials, but same format, like super jam packed.  Hop around format wise.  We go fully into the world of this sitcom.  But then here's and here's a news report.  And then here's a bunch of like stuff on film.  Both of these are I think it's the same DP also.  All this these specials are very elevated, I think, in terms of their  their shooting style and oh, and Charlie Fleischer, of course, the other.  Yes. The other.  Well, Roger is a big a big part of.  Oh, right. Yeah.  So you got to have Charlie in there, too.  But yeah, cheers in both of those specials.  You get to and you get to hear their thoughts about Tony Danza, too,  which is like when Rhea Perlman as Carla references  Tony Banta on Taxi, a show that her husband is on  and that she was also on a few episodes as his love interest.  Anyway, yeah, yeah.  Well, and kind of weird like, like, I mean, maybe they were  knowingly dancing around that it's a Tony Danza guy  who plays a lot of characters named Tony.  Must have been a fun joke at the time.  Yeah, yeah, definitely.  And but then also that they're talking about this with the confusion  is coming from Woody, who is played by Woody Harrell.  So that's another character with the same name.  Yeah, sure. Yeah.  And he watches Who's the Boss, which is an ABC show, which I which was.  Wait, what? Interesting.  Oh, I looked at it.  That must be another NBC.  That must be why they have Tony Danza.  No, I didn't know that either.  I assumed it was NBC. Strange.  Well, they lured him away.  It was a friendly agreement.  I I didn't I didn't realize that.  So Taxi ends in 83.  Who's the Boss starts in 84 and goes, I think, until 92.  And it was very, very successful.  So like this is a big get.  You get all most of the cheers cast and you get the star of Who's the Boss  on this anniversary special.  Yes. Who's consistently been on TV for 12 years at this point.  Yes. But it's it still feels to me I'm like, yeah, Tony, Tony Danza  almost feels like a punch line a little bit now.  Absolutely. Or like the like that getting him doesn't seem like it should be so crazy.  But I saw I found an interview with the director of the special.  I'll put a pin in that.  That is a Shyamalan like twist for me at the end of the show.  I jumped out of my chair when I saw who directed this.  I scream. Yeah, yeah, right.  Rightfully so.  But no, the director said he was a little bit like  when they called him in to do it, like and we got Tony Danza.  And he's like, so and they're like, Tony, that's a big deal.  He's on the biggest show.  He has the highest Q rating.  That old that outmoded thing of like who's the most likable,  most known likable person on television.  So the director is baffled.  Who knew Tony Danza was such a big name?  Also says he only had him for eight hours on one day.  They shot all of that in that amount of time, which when you think like  they hop around with them, there's the whole Jungle Cruise bit,  which is very involved, said he was nice and extremely professional.  So that kind of makes sense, given that he's credited as the host  and he's really not that present throughout a lot of this shows up a lot later.  Yeah. And you know, he doesn't really do any hosting duties  for what it feels like at 30 minutes.  Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah.  You lose him for a while.  The whole beginning has nothing to do with him.  They're like looking for him, you know, and then they find him and then like.  Oh, yes. A lot of where is he?  Yeah. Right.  Yeah. They knew the time was like. Yeah.  But so we get a bunch of stuff on the Cheers set.  It's the framing device. Yeah.  Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's it.  Ends up being the wrapper.  It's around all of this.  They are going to they are going to interrupt mud wrestling,  which seems like a racy thing for children.  I mean, a family special, really,  so that they can watch the Disney special.  Yeah. Wow. So everything you're watching is in the Cheers universe.  Specifically, like our first cutaway, which is,  I guess, arguable if it's Cheers canon, but it's about Woody as a boy.  Yeah, I think it has to be.  I think it has to be.  Even though it's filmed totally different with it, I don't I can't imagine  you ever saw young Woody again.  Yeah, this this and I'm sure we've talked about it before.  Maybe it's come up on every year of our haunted mansion.  I don't know. I love to talk about this thing.  It's so great that Woody has a lot of confused Disneyland  memories that everybody's correcting him on.  But there's one that is crystal clear in his head.  And it's this special time that he went on the haunted mansion.  And he was very scared to go on the haunted.  First of all, just the shocker of flashback in Cheers Studio Camera World.  You're in you're in the Cheers mode.  Yeah. Yeah.  And then you go as as as Jason was saying, this is Jim Burroughs directed this.  It's on the set.  This is identical to what you would see watching Cheers.  Yes. Yeah. Yeah.  Well, as we were saying before, in terms of the stacked lineup of this,  Jim Burroughs part of it.  But before we started recording, Jason said this news to us and said,  I was watching the credits and I was like, oh, my God.  Well, I had the biggest both directors, but I included James Burroughs in the.  No, the oh, my God was specifically for James Burroughs.  I remember specifically.  Well, just because it was it was kind of strange where it's like  80 percent of the cast and Bill Prady, one of the main writers,  wrote that sketch, the wraparound sketch.  You mean for the that's the sheer.  No, Bill Prady wrote the Muppets section.  Yeah, because he was a Muppets.  He was a Muppets writer at the time.  Yeah. Yeah. He didn't. OK.  That makes more sense.  They don't have any credited cheer like for some of this for  for the earnest segment and for the Muppets segment.  They they in the credits say who Ernest Ernest writers wrote the earnest  Muppets, a Muppets writer, Bill Prady wrote the Muppets thing.  But they don't say that for Cheers, which makes me wonder if it was just  whoever wrote the special wrote this.  It might have been same writers as that 60th birthday also.  Two sets of writers.  And I did I did look them up to see what they were about.  None from Cheers.  One. No, one is is they're both husband and wife teams.  Interestingly enough. Yeah.  One is is the people who did the Mickey special two years before. Yeah.  And they fittingly enough made a name for themselves  by packaging commercials and airing them as specials in primetime.  Oh, OK. Oh, a lot about commercials.  But that's like one of their big things. Oh, sure.  That's it's like Joy Albrecht and Scott Garan.  Very close to your name. Yeah, almost.  And I think I actually think Scott Garan  maybe directed the Mickey special two years before.  Oh, OK. Yeah. Yeah.  And did not direct this one.  And I know why, but I'll also put a pin in that pin in that.  And then the other group of writers came out of.  Do you guys know about almost live the Seattle based  sketch show that aired locally before SNL?  It's most notable because its alumni list includes Bill Nye  and Joel McHale. Oh, OK.  And it sounds familiar, but I don't know anything.  Yeah, it's and I it's like it's a thing where you're like, oh, OK.  Like I've never seen it.  And I think in Seattle, it's like, oh, yeah, almost live.  Like people who people who grew up with it, like it's on before SNL.  So of course I watched it.  And it was Joe and Nancy Guppy.  And they're both still in Seattle.  They wrote for not necessarily the news. Oh, yeah.  Oh, all right. A lot of people came out of that.  So there was a period of time when they were in L.A.  trying to make it happen.  And I think it was when this happened as well.  Some of some of that Disney dough.  But OK, so yeah, we we flashback to young Woody.  His friends are making fun of him for not wanting to go on the ride.  But then he gets some some comfort and like a ride buddy in the form of this girl  who is a spoiler, pretty ghostly from the beginning.  Yeah, appears out of nowhere.  Yeah, perfect pink dress.  And yeah, yes, yes.  So it comes from nowhere.  Why him specifically?  I don't know. But you know, but but he's happy because he's got a female companion.  And that's good. And you you then just get to go on this very charming  Haunted Mansion ride that that typifies what I like about the special so much.  And if we're going to pay tribute to Disney in a real way or to Disneyland  in a real way, to like film and preserve the classic rides really well  shot in an elevated way, then then specials would usually do it.  And I like that it's kind of no frills a little bit.  They like there's there's jokes and gags with everybody.  But you also just get to see like singing busts and, you know,  somebody lifting the lid of the coffin with just filmed very nicely.  You get to see him in more clear ways than when you're on the ride even.  Yes, true. Yeah. Yeah.  You know, sometimes you want to see certain things and the car turns.  Linger. It's nice lighting.  Yeah. Close up. Yeah. Yeah.  And there's a little extra fog machine.  Yeah. In a lot of it.  Definitely. And it was also there's a shot where Woody and the ghost girl  are dancing in the grand hall, like next to the ghost.  Before the big reveal, they puff out of their seats  and are on the floor with yeah, with the ghost dancing.  Yeah. You know, you know, you don't know anything's up, I guess.  At that point, you're not supposed to.  Yes, she has the ability to puff somewhere else  and bring another person with her.  But who know? I don't know what's up with this girl.  Still a lot of questions.  She's also rude.  She's a smart aleck.  She calls that she calls Charlie ugly, I think.  Oh, that's right. All dark and ugly.  All dark and ugly. Yeah.  Yeah. She's got a she's got some sass to her.  Yeah. We forgot that.  This is the kind of the the runner of the special is that  Charlie Fleischer plays the only employee  very surly employee at that with all always with different accents.  Voice affectations. This one is Vincent Price.  Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah.  But, you know, good performances is creepy haunted mansion person.  You get to there's the you see like somebody trying to get out of the coffin  and they say Woody.  And then you remember, oh, yeah, this is supposed to be Woody Boy from that's here.  Yes, I fully forgot. I am. Yes.  Lately, this is the character Woody that you know from working at a bar in Boston.  But this is him years.  So I guess it's the 70s, seemingly.  There's nothing that really negates it being the 70s,  but it doesn't feel super 70s either.  But yes, the whole time.  And it's a ghost girl.  And also it's Woody from Cheers. It's so strange.  The character full name, by the way, Woodrow Huckleberry, Tiberius Boyd.  Thank you. That's a that's a solid sitcom joke  where it's just like, oh, that character named like Jack or something  has an insane name.  Tiberius probably references Star Trek.  Right. Isn't that a Tiberius James Tiberius Kirk?  Yeah. Oh, that's cool.  And then also there's long stretches of the ride without anybody talking.  They just like let the ride just kind of do its thing,  which makes me wonder what is Woody's describing?  He's just describing the the ride because all of this is a story that he's telling.  Oh, that's right. Right. Right.  And like they say, like, well, what a beautiful story.  So like and then you'll never get then we went by this these four.  We're in an omnimover Bob Gurr built.  And then the omnimover rotated to this point in the ride  where there was an effect that he's really specific about.  It's kind of like you're the camera.  Like you're the view.  They could point you where they want you to see.  Yeah. Well, faced every which way.  Walt's philosophy was not actually one vocal, one point of watching.  You saw things all around you and you'd have a different  different experience each time you went on to rewrite ability.  Norm Cliff, you're falling asleep.  What are you doing?  Also, we haven't mentioned yet in the cheer scene, Maris is there.  No, little lily that's played by Bebe Newworth.  Maris, you never see that's Niles.  OK, yeah.  I so then, you know, so they're showing really all the classic,  the big parts of the ride that we know.  And then, of course, you got to go out on the grand finale.  The fat lady. What is this? Why does this happen?  I've never noticed that statue.  Oh, right.  But it's but she's it's almost it's presented like the climax  that the girl says it's not over till the fat lady sings and Woody says, who?  And then it shows this statue or this animatronic  that I've never thought about before.  Yeah, but is the she's in the back somewhere.  Yeah. Yeah, that's the is that the official name?  Well, we'll get to that.  We will we get to this person this year?  This year? I don't know.  Twenty twenty three. We'll have to wait and see.  Jason turned into a little ghost boy there.  There's a ghost of his ghost boy energy.  But just a strange way.  You don't get hitchhiking ghosts.  You don't get suddenly it's the climax is this character who?  Yes. Isn't it kind of background?  Yes. No, I know.  And when she said that, I go, oh, yeah, I guess, because there's I've talked  to I've talked about this and I don't want to turn in on a mansion.  But I feel like, you know, someone they can brighten some of these ghosts up  because a lot's going on in the Haunted Mansion graveyard, but you can't see it.  And sometimes you go, oh, wow, there's a game going on or something  between two ghosts back there, but I can barely make it out.  So, yeah, it's this is another one where it's like, that's a weird pull.  I guess just because of the phrase and insulting close up.  Yeah. Domain joke that they wanted to use. Right.  Yeah. Yeah.  You don't have to pay any husband, wife, writer teams for that.  Yeah. A lot of opera based jokes back in the Golden Age of sitcoms.  That's true. Yeah.  So then it's a nice ride and he made it through.  And then they share like a moment, but then she disappears.  And then the friends there again.  And I feel like I presented this once out of context on Twitter,  which if you take it out of context, is really funny that he's what it's.  Well, if you don't know the information, you're watching a kid talking to his friends.  And then he turns and looks and sees a girl and waves fondly.  And then the girl disappears.  And then he keeps looking and rubs her ribbon on his face.  And then it fades to Woody from Cheers on the set of Cheers.  And everyone from Cheers is there.  Like if you turned on the TV, if you were late, if you put this on  six minutes in and then like, wait, huh?  This was all within Cheers.  Oh, yeah. I would say there's several moments within this special  where if you tuned in, not at the beginning, you'd be like, Oh, what is happening?  Yeah. In America.  Why is Charles Fleischer firing a gun a lot?  Yeah, indeed.  But a fun sequence, a good sequence.  I also want to note that it's I didn't catch it to watching it a second time  that when Kelsey Grammer says, Yes, Disneyland is a magical place.  I realized, wait a minute, he was part of a Disneyland anniversary.  Just 15 years later. Oh, yeah.  He would be on a stage talking about being a UN interpreter for it's a smart.  Oh, dear Lord.  Dear God.  That was only 15.  Here he is, like being just a peripheral part of a Disneyland anniversary.  Probably if it occurred to him, you know what?  I should try to expand my I should be the host of the next one is what I'm  calling Disney now. I'm going to get ahead of it on the 50th.  It'll be wonderful and not perilous.  The falling. You've seen this clip.  Oh, I mean, yeah, many times.  It's important. You've seen an American flag.  And certainly you've seen another hallmark of this great nation.  It's one of the finest things we've ever produced.  Did we talk on the show?  I think Jane explained it to me because I think one of her friends  might have been there or like worked that theater before.  But that stage is not totally flat.  There's a lot of divots.  There's a lot of cutouts for effects and stuff rising in and out of the ground.  A weird jagged. So is why it happened.  Yeah. He should not have moved so much  because it was an insane.  So you're blaming Kelsey.  Jason officially puts the blame on Kelsey Grammer.  I for the he should have known.  I heard it here first.  I was at the stairs.  So like the director told him to go up there and just wander around.  Actor worth his salt knows that you go and you see the show  of what the theater you're performing in is before to know the layout,  to know that when at the end, Jeannie turns into the  turns Jafar into the Jeannie Jafar and shoots out of that area  where he was going to walk.  And then he would have known that there was a hole in that part  or whatever you're saying. There's a curve.  Jeannie pops out and makes a joke about like the Scion hamsters,  you know, and goes about his day.  The what? Remember the giant CG creatures in those cars? No.  Am I Joe? Do you know what I'm talking about? No.  This wasn't sorry. You're not.  This isn't the dragon who does the weather on the news.  No, I was trying to think of a topical thing that he might have said  that was like really big at the time.  You should have just said I guess I should have just said snooki,  but we said snooki so much to wait.  It's not Scion. It's Kia. It's Kia.  No, you all remember.  You all remember.  I know. I know.  We know what they are.  I'm off today.  I got my Maris wrong or got my Kia wrong. Oh, yeah.  There's just this special is so action packed.  It's a lot to keep.  It's going every which way.  Plate spinning balls in the air, you know.  OK, where we move after this, we see our eyes here for the first time.  Yes. Yeah.  The the Cheers cast then turns on the special.  This isn't in every version.  This is an in the expanded cut.  I didn't realize. Yeah.  Yeah. So they turn back to the TV after this ghost story.  Let's watch the special.  And then you're getting they didn't turn it on two minutes earlier.  They would have seen themselves.  Oh, and it would have like mirror in a mirror in a mirror.  Explode.  Hopefully first collapse. Yeah.  But yeah, they turn they turn on the TV and then Eisner is like,  we'll have more after the break and maybe says some names.  Anytime they say the list of names is very funny.  Yeah. And he gets like winded.  They give him that get like DJ Jazzy's having the rest of it and more.  Miss Piggy. President Reagan.  And they make a big deal of President Reagan, which is the next big thing,  which is really just that they filmed a speech of his.  And there was a big deal that he came back  since he was the host of the opening.  Right. Special.  Can I do my quick commercial break of. Oh, yeah.  Yeah, let's check. We had  I don't know if you guys remember the Reach toothbrush commercial  with the drawn like Ziggy like character who opens his mouth  180 degrees and then brushes his teeth like it's a straight line.  That one has stuck with me because it was horrifying.  Just a guy opening his mouth like Pac-Man and then it going all the way around.  Oh, his reach can get get back there, you know.  Then there's a Diet Coke commercial that's an Indiana Jones homage.  But you don't know why.  And it's a to be continued.  And so, yeah, two part commercial. Yeah.  And then Alf and the Hogan family have new episodes this week.  And in the Hogan family, Jason Bateman's hitting on Lisa Rinna.  Wow. OK. Interesting pair.  Wow. Both still relevant.  Yeah, very much so.  And very short commercial break, though, the first one. That was it.  Yeah, they were shorter in general back then.  You can really feel that in this.  So you come back for with Reagan quick speech.  And this this led to this might lead right into finally to talk about the director  for a minute.  They do bring Reagan out to Yankee Doodle Dandy, which I thought was very  unpresidential and maybe a little bit mean, but  couldn't clear the Star Spangled Banner or Hail to the Chief.  This is a quote from the director.  And this is all this info is from Filmmaker magazine from an interview.  Oh, I hated him.  Reagan gave a speech at Disneyland and we just shot it.  We used very little of it in the special.  I didn't didn't like Reagan as many people don't.  The director. Who is this phantom director?  We reveal it this early.  We reveal it when we all learn who it is.  I well, I knew it going in.  I will say I knew it going in.  I might say doing doing it sooner or later, because I have stories to pepper in.  OK, from this interview, which was kind of interesting.  This is this is directed.  Anyone want to do the honors or do anyone feel not cursed to say his name?  Yeah, I'm worried like Beetlejuice if I say so many times.  Well, look, if he shows up, it's OK.  It's the kid I'm worried about.  Well, this guy is also here.  Beetlejuice Jr. has done some bad thing beyond canceled.  John Landis is the director of this special. Shocked me.  Yeah, shocked. Yeah, huge.  It I feel like it kind of let me know why this thing was elevated,  why like it does feel very filmic and, you know, kind of advanced  beyond more just like TV ish stuff that they they'd done.  Good director. Great father.  But good director.  To some certain actors didn't make it out.  Oh, sure. Yes. Yeah.  And a lot of us.  Yes, a lot of those movies.  Yeah, that's it.  But that's what he's saying about it.  What he's saying about Reagan is like the interviewers like,  felt weird that you would do something with Reagan,  because I thought a lot of your movies like Animal House were very like anti.  Or wait, this thing said, you know, Spies Like Us was a very anti Reagan movie.  We could forget. Yes. So they.  But anyway, yeah, John Landis.  Here's here's why it's it's John Landis.  I did find this pretty fascinating that.  OK, so the Muppets are part of this. We know this.  Jim Henson had committed the Muppets to be on the 35th anniversary show.  Disney made a deal with an outside production company to make the specials.  That's it must be some of these people who made that that last one.  So Henson goes down to Anaheim 10 days before the show  with the Muppet performers to see what's going on.  And he is, quote, appalled at what they had planned.  Jim thought it was amateurish, but it's all ready to go.  They're shooting it really soon.  The talent is already signed. We got Danza.  We can't go backwards now.  So Jim knows Landis knows he's a big Disney freak, as Landis says himself.  So Jim Henson calls and said, says, do you want to shoot a show in Disneyland?  It's the 35th anniversary special. It's shooting in five days. Wow.  Yeah. So he only had five days to do all of this, which and it's a very  what we have described as being a pretty high end special.  I mean, some of it was in motion without him.  But yeah, he only got a five day heads up on this thing at Jim Henson's request.  Yeah, it's pretty wild. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting.  So to do like, I guess, presumably, please save this.  I don't know what was going to be going on.  That's what I want to know. What did it look like before?  How different could it have been? I don't know. Yeah.  I bet that Scott Garrett guy was going to direct it, though.  I think so. Yeah.  Because like if all the other credits are the same and he did the previous one  was probably going to do this and then Henson had said no.  Henson gets you booted from a job. Yeah.  Personally, what does that even look like?  The night Mr. Nice.  Yeah. And also, apparently this this period of time where like there  Disney is interested in acquiring the Muppets is like a very fraught time for Jim.  Oh, right. And maybe stressed out and maybe like a perfectionist in this.  Like we don't want to do some some Disney crap.  That's like what he's worried about.  And not unlike Ted Danson and Kirsty Alley's absence later, we do not.  There's no Henson characters from the Muppets. Oh, true. Yeah.  It's Oz and goals goals there.  I was worried I was going to go for a terrible pronunciation, but it is.  Or gals. I don't know. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Maybe could be.  So anyway, really last minute on on Landis's part,  he seemed pretty delighted by all of this, by getting to do stuff in the park.  Also, not long after did Beverly Hills Cop 3, which is this big theme park  romp also shows his super fandom.  So I think his like love of it definitely is clear in this.  And I think it's just it's probably just good that Disneyland  doesn't have a helicopter ride. Jesus Christ. No.  That's sweeping a wonderful world at Disney.  They were like, it's already shot. It's already done.  OK, we got it on tape. We got it on a digital beta.  OK, so we'll just cut it in. OK, you don't have to do that one.  You'll see it. We got somebody.  It's got guns doing that.  OK, so now we've established director.  Let's let's see a little bit of Eisner, because he and he he said,  Landis said, like, I got to direct a scene with Eisner and Tony Danza  and Goofy, and this is what happens right before that.  And I love, you know, we love our straight to camera Eisner addresses.  But this I love because it's like a little scene.  Yeah, this might be my favorite in the whole special.  I rewatch this so many times.  We have this is basically this is a little scene between three non actors.  And two of them, I don't think fancy themselves actors,  but one of them does.  And oh, some some flat deliveries here.  I am excited. Here we go.  Hi, folks. How are you today?  Hi. Oh, you didn't have to see Tony Danza, did you?  No. Have you been to Disneyland before?  Oh, yes. In fact, I have a snapshot of our first visit.  Christine Graff and Michael Schwartner.  You were the first guest 35 years ago on this very spot.  Now that is impressive.  Christine Graff and Michael Schwartner.  Christine Graff and Michael Schwartner.  The only way to elevate that scene is if Michael Eisner recreated the pose  that Walt was in with the two kids arm around the lady and shaking the hand  of the guy. Yeah, I know.  Yeah, he should have made them get on their knees.  Yeah. You got you look little.  Let's recreate the pose.  No, we don't have knee pads.  I'm going to. All right. Fine.  You don't want to bend out. Get on this apple box.  I looked these people up.  Oh, really? I don't know anything about these.  Yeah, that's interesting.  The first people and the first kids in Disneyland.  Apparently. So it's also funny to think like, OK, 35 years ago.  And you look at those two now, they are 40 and 42 years old.  I mean, all due respect, they look.  I mean, everybody in the 90s kind of, you know, a 40 year old looked like he was 60.  You know, that's true. Yeah.  Like the Berenstain Bears.  Yeah. Yeah.  Is there like a life parents things?  But yeah, I looked them up and they they're cousins.  And it would be and they're married.  Yeah. They really.  When you see them, they're like that is a married couple.  That's what I thought.  Oh, they were at Disneyland when they were like five and seven.  Like, that doesn't make any sense. Oh, wait. Yeah.  Yeah. Wait, why did I think they were married?  And they came out at Disneyland together as children.  They would not make any sense.  They were arranged to be married.  Their parents, their cousins.  The story was that, you know, the the Michael Little Michael had had heard  that Disneyland was opening and they were taking a family trip to Mexico.  And it was like a stop along the way.  And they stopped.  And the little girl like fell and scraped her knee and was like making a lot of noise.  And then that kind of got the attention of some officials who are around  and came up like, are you OK? It's OK.  And like these kids are cute.  And they're like, you know what?  Why don't you guys come with me?  And they're just because they're like playing around.  Everybody's waiting to go in and they brought them in.  And, you know, did the photo op and stuff.  And these are the first two kids, the first two people in Disneyland.  And they both got lifetime passes to do.  Which they described as just like  you get like a new annual pass every year.  OK, there's not some like piece of paper they have.  I wish there was like a medallion or something.  But no, it's just they got a bunch of annual passes and got three up them every year.  Wow. Wow.  I wonder if they got block out dates or anything at this point.  Yeah, they might be. They have to.  They started like just shortening their weight around like, do you understand who I am?  Excuse me. Do you understand who I am?  Yeah, that's right. Michael Schwardner.  Oh, yeah. That's where the first people in Disneyland.  Wow. That's that's all fascinating.  And this also comes after the Calypso montage, which  just shows like the construction of Disneyland and a bunch of people  have been to Disneyland throughout the years, including Michael Jackson,  Harry Truman, Dwight Eisenhower, R.F.K. and JFK.  Yeah. I had a moment where I was like, was that Harry Truman?  Does that make? Yeah. You know what?  Yeah, it does. It was the.  Was he still?  I don't think he was still the president, but he had been the president.  He had been the president fairly recently. Yeah. Yeah.  This seems like this is an angle that used to work that I feel like they don't  as much anymore that they would say, like, why presidents have been here?  Because now I think Disney's fine whether or not you know that presidents have been.  Yeah. Yeah. They might have been here.  We don't know.  Probably at some point. We don't drag it anymore.  I think there were some foreign heads and heads of state in that montage,  and I could not place.  Yeah, that was my experience as well.  So they they're showing this white man.  I don't know who he is.  It's like, oh, and then they end with like George H.W.  Bush, the current. He's in the parade.  Yes. Wave it.  Oh, yeah. Kind of like pointing aggressively.  Yeah. A thousand points.  He's getting his points done.  Yeah. I'll do 100 right here and now.  Then we head into some Danza stuff.  I don't have the Eisner Danza clip.  Thank God Goofy found him.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  He's yeah. He comes out and helps.  He he chews away.  Schwartner and everybody finds Eisner found Tony's in the Jungle Cruise line.  Danza starts.  There's a little bit.  Eisner is annoyed by Danza liking the park and the rides.  And they get they give Danza the equivalent of exposition.  He's like, I've been at Space Mountain, Thunder Mountain Railroad.  I've been on. He just like lists a bunch of stuff.  Yeah, I've been on every ride where we didn't film stuff.  Yeah. No, every ride with no sketch.  He also says Jungle Cruise.  Oh, yeah. Well, Jungle Cruise really emphasizes the cruise part.  Brett, can we play the clip?  Danza. I really like this.  All the pronunciation.  This place called Disneyland has come to symbolize  more than just a locale of mere amusement.  Play, Tony, it's your turn.  Got to go, folks. It's Jungle Cruise time.  All right. All right. Thanks.  OK. All right.  All right. All right.  Was that a catchphrase?  That's something he said. I really don't think so.  Were there all right shirts in the late 80s?  Yeah, it could have been tax.  It could have been who's the boss.  Like, it's just general Italian guy.  Like fun loving. Yeah, I've I've I've rewatched some of the early  taxi episodes recently and you watch it.  You're like, oh, Rocky had just come out.  Stallone was a guy.  They're like, let's have a Stallone in here.  And that's how Tony because he's a real boxer.  Yes. Yeah, he's. Yeah. Oh, interesting.  So, yeah, it is it is Jungle Cruise time.  And this this is a pretty successful sequence, I think.  Like if the idea of the special is we lovingly  pay tribute to the rides and shoot them nice and do the basics of the ride,  but then elevate it to like experiences that couldn't usually happen.  That's that's really what happens here, because when that guide shows up,  it's not some regular guide.  It's crazy.  Charlie Fleischer time is Charlie Fleischer doing a little different voice.  OK, a very unique voice, singular to.  Is this a good time to talk about what's up with Charlie Fleischer?  What? Absolutely. What's going on?  Has everybody has everybody like gotten a vibe essentially in some  at some point in your life, if you thought, why don't we hear  from Charles Fleischer more?  And do we know the answer?  I mean, like he it's clearly the afterglow of Roger Rabbit still,  like a thing that helped one of the first things to help revitalize  Disney out of their kind of valley, their low point.  And so I don't know if they feel like they owe Charles Fleischer something.  If you watch a special, you're like, what fucking stranglehold grip  did he have on Disney?  Because he's the true host of this thing.  Like he has the most lines by far.  He's in every segment. Yeah.  Shows his range in jungle in the Jungle Cruise segment.  I don't think Tony Danza says like a word.  Yeah, or just like, oh, excuse me.  Yeah. Or just like kind of looking looking around.  It's a lot of talk. But yeah, he's they give him a lot of stuff.  And I don't know.  I think he's I think Charles Fleischer has a reputation as like a difficult  weird man.  Think so. I feel like I'm I don't know what I'm basing that on.  Yeah, I don't I don't want to say that and not be true.  Yeah, just like he got a deal.  It just it feels like I mean, at the Oscars,  I don't know if it was this year, maybe it was post Roger Reven.  It was 89.  There was a like tribute to cartoons and it's presented by Robin Williams  and Charles Fleischer and they're presented as like equals.  Right. And they have kind of the same energy.  It's a thousand voices and they just riff and riff.  And that bit is like 12 minutes long. It's crazy.  But you can still you kind of feel the audience reeling from Fleischer  a little more.  Maybe there just wasn't a room in this town for the both of them.  Maybe Robin just completely took that mantle.  There's a vibe. Yeah.  And maybe that's all it is.  Maybe that's all I have to say now is the DM us a few some information's out there.  But it's a vibe.  I feel like all of his cast member characters are a little surly,  like a little like, hey, what do you do?  Yeah, I also didn't realize that when I was looking him up,  how many voices he is in.  He's not just Roger Rabbit.  He's like he's a weasel or two.  Well, isn't he? Is he the baby or is the baby?  Yeah. Wait, is he?  Oh, wait, is he all of them?  I think he is. Yeah, I think he's the cat, too.  Oh, my God. Right. No, totally forgot.  Yeah. So, yeah, it's he it's it's interesting because you would think,  yeah, he would he exploded after this, but it sort of was was Roger  and then little things and then they stopped using Roger.  What did Roger what why did they stop using Roger?  Was there a vibe?  It was just a vibe.  Might be a vibe with Roger.  I feel like it was once they once they really started going with the Disney  animated features, it was like, that's our the new canon for us.  And Roger was kind of like before that and wasn't as kid.  I mean, isn't as squeaky clean as the rest of them?  Well, other people are involved in it.  Right. We don't only own it.  We know it was one of the guys, though, back then during this year.  Oh, yeah. Yeah. He was in either the seven considered in like the big ones.  Yeah. Fisher was Roger Rabbit, Benny the Cab, Greasy and Psycho.  Not the baby. He was not the baby.  OK. Baby.  I but so this this sequence is a lot of fun.  And you Lou Hirsch, Lou Hirsch.  He doesn't have a picture on IMDb.  So without a picture was this famous character that wow, wow.  That's a good name for that voice, too.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like a Lou Hirsch.  Yeah. You know him as Fred from Superman three.  OK. Oh, interesting.  Baby Herman, who almost had his own MGM studios ride and is.  Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah.  Maybe Lou demanded too much.  This is where Louis cashes in a billion bucks.  All right. Do it.  So this gets I mean, this gets nuts pretty fast.  People are dropping like flies.  Yeah. Everyone.  It's just that like all of the Jungle Cruise gags happen, but they are more harsh.  Starting with somebody just going into the water and then getting eaten by  by one of the crocodiles. Sure.  Yeah. Somebody's eaten right away.  And then other people just are weirdly getting into the water.  We don't know what happens to them.  Yeah. That at first is a trick from from Charles Fleischer.  Because you go, why don't you go pet that crocodile on the schnozola?  And then then the guy just kind of falls in.  But it escalates to full on murder by the end.  Yeah. Uh huh.  He's doing nothing to stop just then.  Arrows are being thrown every possible way on the Jungle Cruise.  People could die.  And you guys would say that some of these jokes have to be jokes from the Jungle Cruise, right?  Some are. There are some classic.  Yeah. I feel like he throws away the more classic ones.  OK. And he's you know what I mean?  Do you feel that at all? That he doesn't do like that?  Backside of water stuff. Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Like maybe he was more focused on like getting his own shit in there.  I think he was trying to get his shit in.  This in Hornet Mansion, it's like, OK, we're going to play the reality of the ride  and really heightened it.  So Jungle Cruise, the kind of flippant danger is going to this segment is going to have a body count.  OK. Yeah. Well, it was Scott was just real quick to go back.  Maybe the Fleischer thing is like, you know, he needs his own generate his own material.  And that's difficult when you're on a shoot that's only got a limited amount of time.  Yeah. They lose Tony. We lose Tony at five.  Right. And he wants to do all his jokes.  And they're like, we got jokes from the ride.  They've been doing them for decades. Yeah, they work, baby.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right.  Shoot Tony out, get him in front of Splash Mountain.  He's got to be back at the castle by by nightfall.  And then we'll run 50 times the boat around so Charles can do all his ad libs.  Yeah. To get Charles's angle. Yeah.  Several more days.  Landis is long gone.  I like that when the there's the hippo  like intimidation part that is it is just him shooting the hippo.  Pulls out a gun. Yeah. Yeah.  Which there's always that I was always I was confused about this for a long time,  but it is supposed to be that you were scaring the hippo with the gun.  Yeah, you're not supposed to not shooting the hippo in the face. Right.  So the gun is is a part of the Jungle Cruise. Yes, it is.  The captain does pull out a gun. Yes.  Just this is different because it's fired.  Well, back in the day, they used to point it at the end.  It is always fired. Yeah.  But I think it's I mean, I did think for a long time,  it's really weird that they shoot the hippos.  Yeah, that's not what it's supposed to be. Yeah. Yeah.  But they didn't, you know, again, Charlie went off script in a lot of ways.  Yeah. Script in that way.  No, I think that was the cannon for a while.  They would shoot at the animals to like scare them away.  And then eventually they start shooting in the air.  Oh, so shooting at it was supposed to be that they're shooting a bullet  near the hippos.  I don't know near or like, yeah, it's a big hippo.  A little 38 in the cheek isn't going to kill it.  Like, I don't know the justification or like knock a tooth out.  Like it's a carnival game.  There would be no reason to shoot at it if you're not going to hit it.  Yeah. Right.  It's just shooting in the air.  If it's just the sound that's supposed to scare them. Right.  Wow. I'm curious.  I would like to, you know, one of the things we've never covered  on this show is the Jungle Cruise.  We've never, you know, we've covered Chris Gaines in the late shift.  We've never done the Jungle Cruise.  You know, what's funny about it is  this is maybe blasphemous.  I don't care about the Jungle Cruise that much.  I don't really either.  I like the other one.  I got to get to the other one.  The other one is we don't like the crying.  Joe is sobbing at that statement.  Well, the thing is, the classic Jungle Cruise, as we know, it is gone, right?  No, no.  Oh, I thought they updated it for the movie, but I know.  No, no, no, that never came to pass.  So yeah, there were possibilities.  Well, that's good.  There were various updates, like some of the more culturally sensitive things  that I don't. Yeah, I don't think I've been since.  I don't think I've seen how they changed it.  But no, the rock is not the Emily.  There is no Emily Blunt animatronic.  All that to say is that the ones we haven't done, I think we're like, oh, yeah, man,  we're going to really psych ourselves up for this.  I think Jungle Cruise hasn't come up because we're not that interested in it.  I like it. OK.  Well, that's what that what an endorsement for one of the classic Disney rides.  It's a ringing. It's like the bell.  It's a ringing. I'll go on.  We'll go down there tonight. I'll go on.  And I'm not saying I hate it or anything.  I just think it's funny because that's the big class when we haven't done in six years  that I think has really just been not done because we're like, I always like.  I admit you're I'm impressed that you're willing to vocalize.  People are going to be mad at me.  Exactly. What's been silently in my head?  I always like when I get a really like good like really into it.  I was like I had a host in Florida a couple of years ago who talked so fast.  I was like great Jungle Cruise skippers.  I really like the Jungle Cruise with the really forced Christmas.  I like it, too. Yeah.  But ultimately, overall, I don't spend much time thinking about it.  Wow. Hot take. Maybe that changes today.  Hmm. Hmm.  Charlie Fleischer will reinvigorate your love.  I sure the Jungle Cruise.  I don't know. Well, I mean, it sets the bar so high because usually  there's not a part where a snake strangles strangles one of the guests.  Yeah. It's maybe the speaks to you.  You know, Landis is like, we're going to jazz this up.  We got to do something.  I cut that out. I'll cut that out.  OK, OK.  I so big jump pulled for it.  And then I will say that then the solution to the snake  problem is also just shooting at the snake, the snake,  which is wrapped around America's sweetheart, Tony Danza.  I mean, I you must have been confident in his aim or,  you know, collateral damage.  Sure. Yeah.  If I hit Tony Danza, I do.  Tony's gone. Who's stepping in as host?  It's probably Charles Fleischer. Yeah.  Oh, that's true. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're right.  I don't want to be crude.  He loaded it. He brought real bullets for this.  He was hoping it happened.  So that's all fun.  On then we get another great throat of commercial.  Oh, yeah. He gets the list. He lists the name.  I just love Tony Danza be like, come on up next.  Miss Piggy, DJ Jazzy Jevon, the Fresh Bridge, the three little pigs.  Ernest C3PO and R2D2, the great gonzo Cinderella and much more.  We grew up in such a fun time.  What a time. There was so much for us.  And yet there was a lot of like adult stuff because they forgot.  They still forgot to make enough kids stuff.  So adult stuff mixed up with kids stuff.  It's all so confusing and funny and silly.  Here's my commercial rundown.  Oh, yes. Continuation of the Indiana Jones diet coke commercial.  This time you learn that you can save up to five dollars on the VHS of Last Crusade.  So that's why they were doing nice.  Also, the woman's kitchen splits in half.  Like, yeah, this is the one of the most high production value commercials  I've ever seen. It's it's yeah.  Indy saves her and then tosses her entire body.  He throws a woman and you're like, Jesus, until you realize it was to save her  because her own kitchen door is lowering into the temple doors.  Yeah.  There's a static cling commercial for a snuggle dryer sheets  with the classic snuggle bear.  Oh, yeah.  The technology is not great at this stage of snuggle bear.  Sometimes it really just feels like they're shaking a stuffed toy in the camera.  Dogs marching army style, singing kibbles in bits and bits and bits.  There's a McDonald's coffee commercial about how it always tastes fresh.  This would be two years before a woman would be hospitalized for McDonald's  coffee being scalding hot and setting your taste fresh  because the freshest temperature is one thousand degrees.  Introducing new coffee mate liquid, non dairy creamer in your grocers  dairy case, which is an interesting phrase that could not have lasted longer  after 1990.  It's a sea monster mystery, exclusive pictures on unsolved mystery,  creature found in near Loch Ness.  Yeah. As you get the little unsolved mysteries,  a new Loch Ness monster, scary stuff.  Then it's a special wedding night court.  One of the characters gets married at a bar.  A felon threatens the club at the show Dear John,  which was a Judd Hersch sitcom in the 90s.  And a special quantum leap mystery  that's happening.  And I loved after all of that, they cut to like kind of  the background splash of NBC.  And it's just the video of Scott Bakula going Wednesday.  Which they used to do that.  And it was like a ring of bell.  But it was like, oh, yeah, that's so weird.  Like after a commercial, you go to a completely different shot  with like graphics behind one of the actors just going  Thursday. You needed that personal touch.  Like, I don't know.  I can't tell if the actors really want us to watch it or not.  Prove it. Yeah.  Well, they were friends you would invite into your home.  You know, almost like family.  When you come back, some beautiful, pristine, new star tours,  it's still only a few years old.  And you end up with like, what's better than Michael Eisner  saying a bunch of pop culture figures names?  What's better than Tony Danza saying a bunch of names?  Why, see 3PO.  Brett, can we see a clip of the best voice that could ever say  character names that don't exist in the Star Wars universe?  Establish high frequency bias connection with satellite five in sector Q368.  Excellent.  I can't wait to see Miss Piggy.  She is on location in Europe shooting her new film.  Now, don't blow a circuit out to Gonzo should be on screen any moment now.  But look at the time.  I'm most concerned about the absence of our host, Tony Danza.  Oh, and he's delivering it with not no wink at all.  He's just Anthony Daniels is doing it as it's perfect.  He never did it in some muggy way.  No, he always committed no matter what it was.  One thing I looked up, because I was like, had people not seen  C3PO and R2D2 on a screen in like since Return of the Jedi?  And I because I was because now it's like you can.  Yeah, they're in every trot these guys out all the time.  It's not like special.  But I was like, I don't know.  And I looked it up.  And I guess there was like a one off Sesame Street episode that C3PO  and maybe R2D2 are in.  I just looked up Anthony Daniels is IMDb to see like what's going on  in between Return of the Jedi.  Well, surely he did a lot of non C3PO stuff.  He did some.  There is some really.  Some. Wow.  I mean, like after the trilogy, it's like he probably that's probably  the best shot for him to try and do other.  Sure. Yeah.  Do other things, you know. Yeah.  Time to play Lear.  But but like he has it in no real major way.  This is like the first time those characters are seen again.  And there was like it was like a cartoon called Droids that I don't think  was very popular.  And also it's cartoons.  You're not actually seeing them because we were it was like a bit of a Star Wars  desert there. Yeah, there was a time.  It's hard to imagine.  Yeah, there was a time.  Well, there was also another Disney special, which was the opening  of Star Tours in which C3PO wraps.  Oh, my God.  That is the other one that possibly.  So this is the first time he was on television in a while, not rapping.  Yeah.  Droids and the two Endor movies were kind of repeated a lot on TV  and they all made me feel uncomfortable.  Right. Strange, strange films.  We were watching the Ewok movies on TV.  Why aren't Luke and Leia and Han here helping these people?  And the answer is, however, before it was making the Patriot games.  I was busy with the witness.  Yeah, he forgot what his Star Wars character's name was.  That's how past it he was.  Indiana.  So he brings out Tony Danza.  Tony Danza.  And he calls him Sir Tony.  Sir Tony.  He's just brought it.  He's dispatched just because they have a big TV in there  so they can watch the the Muppets.  And he brings the three little pigs because they want to meet Miss Piggy.  That they also several times reference the three little pigs as special guests  in this special.  Yes, they don't.  They don't say anything.  And they're here at this point and never do anything again.  I don't like a Greek chorus who shows up.  And you see the judgment on their faces, but they never utter any lines.  Not a word. Yeah.  I like that they're presented as equals to Reagan, though.  That's pretty good.  That's worth the trip. Ronald Reagan.  The three little pigs.  Ernest.  And then I mean, I just love seeing the Muppets on the Star Trek screen.  That's great. Room looks beautiful.  And then it's a look.  It's I think it's a great Muppet piece of material.  I think it was right.  I think Landis brought it.  I think Bill Prady brought it.  It's a good little sequence where it's kind of a flashback piece.  Again, we see young Woody, young Ernest and somewhat younger Miss Piggy.  I don't know if it's 70s or 80s.  I can't really tell when they're setting her, but I like her hair.  Her hair is cool.  And she sees Cinderella in a parade and is jealous.  And wants to be Cinderella, but instead is  and consults who does he consult?  The nearest employee, the nearest mean employee doing  what I would call a what's a matter you accent.  Which every boomer thinks is like the funniest thing in the world.  I don't know. That's a Cinderella. OK.  It's a good word for it. Good word for the egg.  Yeah. You can't have a bit of Cinderella.  You want a bad balloon? I got to rate a balloon.  Hello, mother. Hello, father.  Do you want a balloon?  You want a balloon?  Balloony.  Charlie Flesher doing voices no one else can do.  And he gets her a job as a as a maid.  A scullery maid. Yeah.  She hits the beats of Cinderella, basically.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  I guess also just about Charles Flesher, like we've seen him  once in the present day, but twice in flashbacks.  And so he could be playing the same character who's just  bopping around to different positions, getting fired  because they got a vibe and then getting rehired  by confusing them with a new accent. Yes.  No, I'm not in the same guy.  I'm not. I'm Italian.  I kind of thought of him as like the I'm going to make a reference.  We're all thinking about the Johnny Depp, Willy Wonka.  I think of like the Oompa Loompas in that are all played by Deep Roy.  Oh, yeah. And he's sort of every different version.  And that's kind of how I think of Charles Flesher is that they're  just like an army of Flesher's working in Disneyland.  That's good. I thought you were going to say he's Richard Alpert from The Show Lost.  It's a deep, Roy thing.  They're doing a deep Roy. That's a deep Roy.  But yeah, we go through some steps of Cinderella in Miss Piggy's quest  to become Cinderella.  They they give her an insulting job and make her wear  tattered clothes and scrub a floor.  Cinderella still in that interaction is perfectly nice to her.  But Miss Piggy despises her.  It's good piggy business.  And then it's good gonzo business because he shows up as a fairy god thing.  And there's this little moment.  Can we pull up a clip Muppets?  This really made this joke really made me laugh.  Is it a top tier Muppet joke?  She's making wishes, I should say.  And then we're at the third.  Oh, I wish it be more serious.  That was your third wish.  Here is your receipt. Goodbye.  That's a very good joke.  Yeah. For the listener, he transformed from fairy godmother kind of clothes  to just looking like an accountant.  And I really like, you know what?  I like the joke, but it's not even a punchline.  I just really like the way he says goodbye.  Yeah, no, it's very serious.  Gonzo is very serious.  Gonzo. After that, Gonzo is trying to hook up with a woman of age in the theme.  Is that canon?  Because I thought Gonzo was into chickens.  But like, was he a flirty kind of a horny character?  Yeah, he's kind of horny.  In the lack of chickens, he'll demean himself for humans.  Yeah, but he's when he's flirting with those two girls.  What I thought was funny was clearly their background and they can't have lines.  So you cut to Gonzo and he'll go, Detroit, you say, huh?  Well, like, they can't.  He's like, where are you from?  Detroit, you say.  Like they just stand there smiling and they can't say any words.  If he has to say all their lines for him.  Yeah. Wow.  He's trying to hook up with like college juniors.  I always saw chickens too.  I thought it was like a Troy McLaurin fish kind of thing.  You know, but in this one, he's just like, whoever's around.  Anything with a pulse.  Basically.  I you know, it's this is one of these like land.  You can tell Landis is a park sky because he's like just for a background shot.  Let's get some climbers on the Matterhorn.  Yeah, I felt like a detail like he knows they do it.  He knows he has power over Disneyland for these couple days.  Let's get a couple climbers back there.  He also cast some characters as background.  Like you see the the Queen of Hearts just kind of like, right.  Pretending to talk to somebody.  All right.  Mm hmm.  And I also like that the plan is to hang Cinderella by her leg.  They're going to snatch her.  And then it ends up happening to Piggy.  Very good gag.  I'm going to try it.  I'm going to I'm going to be really curious if that tree is still there outgrown.  Next time I'm there, just going to think about is that tree there where they  just yanked physical Miss Piggy.  The wonder like I mean, we all pine for like practical effects in many, many ways.  The Muppets and they've the Muppets obviously have kept it up,  but it's so satisfying that they can just take a puppet, pull it, yank it.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah. I think that would have been funny either way.  Like I was like, oh, it's probably going to be one of them.  Get their comeuppance.  But also if they like get Cinderella in that snare, that's going to be really funny.  You think that'd be funny?  I think that would be funny to get see Cinderella get in a bear trap.  Like not a bear trap, like a lose a foot in a bear trap.  You sick monster.  Jason's sick sense of humor.  Oh, God. Clean off.  Can't put that foot in a glass slipper anywhere.  What if they put Cinderella on a jagged stage and made her walk around and she fell?  Well, she should know.  It would be her fault.  She does like a pratfall kind of thing.  And the orchestra pit was like that pit in Mortal Kombat.  Yeah, you're the one who went to Violet.  I went to the rope gang like the rope on a foot.  Well, you said bear trap.  You did say bear trap.  Well, what do you call that thing?  A rope. Just a snare, I guess.  OK, the last trap, I think.  Yeah, the claws and it really digs into your flesh.  Yeah, absolutely.  No, that was violent.  You sent me into Mortal Kombat land.  I guess so. Yeah.  That's your subconscious.  Do we think they cast Cinderella or they got an actor from the park?  Oh, I don't know.  I think that's the A team Cinderella.  I think that's the one they would do.  That's the best.  The favorite.  That's Friday, Saturday, Sunday Cinderella.  Yeah.  During the peak season.  I looked her up on IMDb to be like, I wonder if this was an actor.  It's the only credit, which makes me think it's a character actor.  Oh, there's also is this like a famous Muppet fact, weirdly?  And I didn't I'd never heard this before.  In terms of the Landis Muppets connection, that that may be that goes back to  I mean, I'm not aware it goes back to, but that one part of that is that Landis  is puppeteering in the last shot of the Muppet movie.  Oh, I don't know.  I don't know. It was expanded out.  It's like 200 Muppets.  So they just they got anybody they could for that big group shot,  which is so wonderful.  And also in there, not famous yet,  but they just needed people who could pseudo puppeteer.  And I got a young fresh out of CalArts Tim Burton.  Tim Burton, that makes sense.  Yeah. Yeah.  And they met years later and they land is thought they had never met.  And he said, I was at the final shot of the Muppet movie.  And he's shooting Beetlejuice Junior overseas right now.  Is oh, really? Is that happening?  It's Beetlejuice 2.  OK, they are. It's not.  It's not Beetlejuice Junior.  I don't know. Yeah, not yet.  Yeah, they got Jamie Kennedy.  They got the different baby.  Feel just wrapped now.  It's good.  Good Lord.  Fun Muppets thing.  Oh, yeah.  You mentioned Bill Prady, like props to Bill Prady.  Did a good job writing the segment.  Also, if I assume your listeners would know, creator of the Big Bang Theory,  Bill Prady, OK, co-creator and also the ABC Muppets.  Yes, yes. Right.  And he has continued to I don't know if he still does, I think.  But he he did create the ABC Muppets.  Yeah. From like 2015.  Oh, yeah.  And Muppet Vision 3D, am I making that up?  No, I think you're right. Yeah.  So Muppets stuff good. Commercials.  Commercial break. OK.  Quaint back in the day commercial about seeing the Oscar Meyer Wiener  mobile in the 60s.  Then we get a very 90s commercial for Permasoft Conditioner.  How Scotty Henry's brother eats a Reese's.  And if you remember that one, I don't know.  They say Scotty Henry's. I looked him up.  He wasn't like a celebrity at the time.  He's just a kid and he has a younger brother.  And do you remember how he ate a Reese's?  One clean hole in the middle of the cup.  Yeah, I remember that.  I feel like I might have tried that.  Yeah, I think we all did.  Yeah. Eating out a fucking Reese's.  Trying to get a perfect circle.  You're supposed to make the alphabet, I think.  So.  It's Sunday Fun Night, the greatest practical jokes of all time,  which I believe was airing right after this special.  Wow. Oh, Johnny Carson and Stevie.  They say Stevie Wonder. Yeah.  With friends like Johnny Carson and Stevie were friends of mine, I guess.  Friends you invite into your home.  We get a quick update.  It's 29 degrees in Pittsburgh and it's 738 p.m.  They just come in for two seconds to say that.  Do you remember that? That night?  It was 738.  Cold, cold that early in the evening.  Yeah, you know, but it was February.  And then this is when we get the liquid plumber commercial with the mustache.  You guys. You're a local.  Now we know that was a slide out.  If you're watching on YouTube, that is the St.  Louis version. Right.  Don't freak out.  And then we finally get Tony.  We come back. He's doing hosting.  Yeah. Yes. It's been a long time.  I think. Yeah.  He's in front of Splash Mountain.  They're pushing Splash Mountain all the time at this, but then new and now closed.  And ring, ring, ring.  And then the best person who could be calling who's calling Disney.  Is this Disneyland, he says, which I like.  And it's Ernest in crossing over with Splash Mountain.  We did a whole another thing we've done an episode about and not the Jungle Cruise.  The another special from around this time, Ernest goes to Splash Mountain.  Ernest, a big part of the Disney family around this time.  Given the green light by Eisner himself, we really he was like a discovery of Eisner's.  He got a race track.  And it was yeah, it was at the Indy 500 or something.  And like everybody, there was a little parade and there was Mickey Mouse in it.  And then some guy Eisner had never seen.  And everybody liked him a lot more than Mickey Mouse.  And he's like, whoever it is, give him a four movie deal.  That's crazy. That happens.  And I've been there.  Tony Tony Danza can't go.  Ernest, who after he just said he teased Ernest's appearance?  Yeah, I guess he forgot a lot on his mind.  Only our shoot. Yeah.  Losing light, lunch panel, they's racking up.  Yeah, I got to say I loved Ernest as a kid.  I love Ernest now.  This segment goes on a while.  Good God. Sure.  Yes. Yeah.  This segment comes on really long.  You you could fairly classify it as not an Ernest segment  because it's not about for most of it, Jim Varney is not playing.  Yeah, yeah. He's Ernest's grandpa.  Yeah. Yeah.  And a kid is young Ernest.  That's the theme of all of these.  But I like him as the grandpa.  I like when he gets mixed up in the cute like the turnstile.  You were out by then. You know, I guess this was just like interminable  for me when I was watching this and I was just like,  I don't like this new character Jim Varney's doing.  It's boring.  I guess it's a generic old man.  Should have let Charlie Fleischer do it.  He would have brought a whole other.  No Fleischer at all to kind of ramp up the energy in here.  It's toward the end of the show.  Like, yeah, it should have been earlier and shorter.  Yes. Yeah, they should have given him some notes.  It's a pretty brisk special.  Like when I looked at the time I was watching, I was like, oh, this is almost over.  But then, yeah, this Ernest thing, no Danza, no Fleischer.  Like there is just an Ernest short film.  No, Ernest proper Ernest Ernest Ernest puts on like a film canister  to watch an old home movie of his, which again is within Cheers.  Well, like, let's track where we are.  The Cheers gang is watching a special.  And on the special, there's a phone call from Ernest who puts on a movie for  who at this point?  Yeah. Cheers.  This is for Norman Cliff to watch.  But how are we seeing it?  I don't know. This is a lot of that with Ernest, like with a POV.  I don't understand in the universe what's happening.  You know, they got a tainted keg of Narek Ansett logger,  and it's just they're all freaking out and hallucinating these Disneyland memories.  I like that the highway patrol, this was maybe I only liked this as a kid,  but this really this had a big grip on me when I was five.  That does this this is one of those things.  Does this happen, Mom and Dad?  I've been on the Autopia.  I don't remember a police officer stopping me.  Does that happen sometimes?  And I was like really like scarred by it.  So I think every Autopia trip from then on, I assumed this will be my day.  Well, I was also like, is this era appropriate?  Because like, when is this supposed to be?  This is an old film from when Ernest was a boy.  Yeah.  And then like, the cop looked modern to me, the highway patrolman.  Yeah, as do the Mickey and Minnie.  They don't get it all right.  So this has to be 35 years ago.  So how old is Ernest?  Yeah, how old is Ernest supposed to be at this point?  Ernest is at least 35, right?  And he's also at this point has been doing Ernest for 10 years.  Yeah.  So would have to see what the kid is like eight years on this footage.  That says about maybe as old as 10.  Let's say Ernest is 35, then it would have to be 20ish.  Goodbye that Ernest doesn't look young to me.  No, he did all those soda commercials, drinking all that free soda probably.  Oh, you think that damages the skin?  Yeah, that hurts.  Too much free soda.  Glug, glug.  So it's fine.  I guess we have mixed notes about the Ernest part.  I missed Charles Fleischer, and I didn't know that I would be thinking that.  Wow.  Maybe Ernest said not on my watch.  Maybe he considered himself a competitor.  And this was written by Ernest's people.  This is all, yes, John Cherry, the Ernest team.  John Cherry directed, and then some guys who I was like,  had they written an Ernest movie?  But no, they wrote on the Ernest sketch show, which I didn't know existed.  Was it a kid show?  Hey, Vernon, it's Ernest, I think was the idea.  And then they wrote additional material for other Ernest stuff.  Everybody brought in their people.  All the brands are well represented.  What's that?  Except Cheers?  Except maybe Cheers, not written by Cheers, but directed by Cheers.  But I'm wondering if they did write it or ghost write it and couldn't.  Right.  There's some WGA thing maybe.  There's a special thanks to Glenn and Les Charles,  but I assume that was just for using the characters.  Yeah.  The Cheers section is funny.  Everybody feels like silent.  Yeah, yeah, no, it's good.  Commercials, pre-the closing.  Yeah, a wholesome ad with a State Farm life insurance  talking about a young family, like they have a new baby.  And it seems like it's a real insurance agent, because he says his name  and he's like, hi, I'm Gaylord Moose Man.  What?  It's like, I'm Gaylord Moose Man.  And it was like, oh, what?  It was just so distracting.  It's so strange.  And that one's definitely on the YouTube upload.  His parents, Mrs. Moose Man in the delivery room.  And it's like, we know.  It's like, Saint's Moose Man.  We know what we're calling him.  That feels like a character in The Love Guru.  Yeah.  Yeah, Gaylord Moose Man has not aged well in the 10 plus years.  Yeah, that one really knocked me out.  Oh, my God.  Then there's a guy talking to his dog and it turns out to be an equal  sweetener commercial for some reason.  And then this was interesting.  There's a very 90s backdrop with like this young guy and the  narration is like my son, Jim, skateboard fanatic, music lover,  guitarist, computer whiz, avid cyclist, football, basketball,  hockey player and all star catcher.  But there's one thing he'll drop everything for.  Campbell's junkie suit.  And at the time, like all these things are being like thrown at him  like the skateboard and like a football helmet and whatever.  But then, you know, he loves that he loves that Campbell's junkie suit.  But what I really loved about it was that the young actor  is Academy Award winning writer and director, Tom McCarthy.  Whoa. Oh, yeah.  Wait from what? Who's Tom McCarthy?  He directed Spotlights.  He and like the station agent.  And he was an actor.  He's in the fifth season of The Wire. Oh.  And he yeah, it was it was him.  Very funny because he's not the most recognizable actor, but I was  I had to like go back. Yeah.  Yeah. That's that's him.  That's a catch.  He's like Todd Field, where it's like if you look at the whole career,  it is like a Forrest Gump.  Like you were at every event of the late 20th century.  Yeah. You know, Todd.  Todd Field was in the Oscar Mayer Wiener Mobile commercial.  He was in the Oscar Mayer Wiener Mobile.  Coming up with the idea for Big League Choo.  Big League Choo.  Eventually would make tar and little children.  Yeah. And B in Eyes Wide Shut.  Yes. As the keyboard.  Right. Yeah. It's a jazz guy.  And then we get a commercial for Double Mint and Big Red Gum.  And it's one of these like quintessentially 90s commercials where it's like  seems like the budget was millions of dollars.  It's like a lot of shots of like people playing like muddy football and then like  surfing and then like airplanes landing.  And there's a song going like share a little piece of America.  It's about gum.  I miss that era.  That incredibly earnest.  I mean, there was one.  It's a little it was kind of a viral thing.  I feel like this this six minute sizzle reel.  That's a long song like that.  And then a children's choir and all that.  That's all for Sizzler.  One of the longest songs I've ever heard.  Advertising budget.  That keeps going.  The guy has nowhere to go by the end.  Yeah. I highly recommend Share a Little Piece of America.  Wow.  The Gums jingle.  Little piece of America.  And then we get a quick promo for an upcoming Today show.  A radical new way to cut medical bills.  I'm very curious what that was.  Death.  Die angle.  Suicide.  And an up and coming anchor starts tomorrow named Maddy Lauer.  We're excited for him.  He's going to go places.  He's joined by a little dragon named Scorch.  Our new weatherman.  And then we cut to Tony Danza eating a burger.  Squirting ketchup on a burger.  Squirting ketchup on a burger.  Like, oh, hey, okay.  So DJ Jazzy jumping a first prince.  And there you have it.  Mr. Slap himself.  We get a good performance, I'd say.  I liked this a lot.  And I was kind of like, I feel like the special maybe should have been a little bit more of this  peppered throughout.  Taking something very current, feels new, fun.  A very young kid would enjoy this because it's colorful.  There's a lot of movement.  But it's also taking a classic Disney thing and giving it a twist.  Doing something new that doesn't feel out of the realm of...  It's not...  It's like there's other things like this that are embarrassing.  I would say 90% of things where Disney meets rap are embarrassing.  There is a very awful tag team Mickey Mouse Womp remake that starts with Mickey saying like,  Yo, yo, Mouse Pussy.  That's a whole album.  Yeah, we did.  Again, an episode we've done and not the Jungle Cruise.  Just keeping track.  A couple moments and I mean that they do a good job of inserting some cartoon footage from Mary  Poppins.  Yes.  There's also some very funny cutaway gags to like...  To chimney sweeps.  Yeah, there's one or two certainly chimney sweeps in the crowd.  Just pumping.  If your hip hop doesn't have a video with chimney sweeps dancing, what are you doing?  Yeah.  It is funny to think about that.  If you could travel back in time and go to this filming, you could pull Will Smith aside  and go like, hey man, in 32 years, you're going to win a best acting Oscar and it's  going to be the worst night of your life.  The Fresh Prince pilot would shoot in three months from when it's coming out.  It would be an NBC pilot.  I think the idea was probably already percolating.  Well, here's what's weird and this is the most fascinating thing about the Landis interview  that there was a musical segment.  Again, he's coming in so last minute and they did have a musical segment planned,  but the musical segment was supposed to be with Donnie and Marie.  Wow.  Something else we've talked about recently.  We covered this awful Star Wars routine that they did, which itself was cruddy and out of date  in the late 70s.  And yet in 1990, the plan is Donnie and Marie.  But so claims Landis, I'd seen the world premiere of the...  He watched the world.  Hang on.  I'd seen the world premiere of the DJ Jazzy Jeff and Fresh Prince video for parents  just don't understand on MTV and I thought those guys are great.  Let's put them in the show.  He saw the first time they ever show.  He like, did he make a point of it?  Max, get in here.  Big new video.  So anyway, he claims that he brought this to Disney.  Why don't we do something newer and fresher?  If you can imagine something newer and fresher than Donnie and Marie.  He claims first time Will Smith was ever on national television.  He gave them a list of eight Disney songs and said, choose one and write it as hip hop.  And they chose supercalifragilisticexpial...  I'm not gonna say the old word.  It's too late in the episode.  And they wrote it on the plane, landed at LAX, were taken to a recording studio,  they recorded the song, went straight to Disneyland from there,  where it was just put onto the PA system.  They recorded it.  They did a couple of takes.  Then I put them on the Star Wars ride and then they flew home.  From Philadelphia and back, the entire thing was 48 hours.  My God.  Congrats, Landis.  I was curious if they wrote this.  Yeah, I guess so.  And I guess they did.  Yeah, which maybe it showed that it wasn't some like, let's get Disney's hacks on it.  Let's get someone over 60 to write a hip hop song.  The Sherman Brothers themselves.  You ain't making this rap without us.  We understand how to rap to rhyme.  You don't think we've been rhyming for 40 years?  Original rapsters, we were.  So fascinating.  Gotta credit Landis for that.  Sure.  And yeah, it really worked.  And I thought, yeah, it's cool.  And that's pretty much the special.  The group is thanked, again, the entire list.  Most of the special is saying the list of celebrities.  Including the three little pigs.  Thank you, three little pigs, for making time for us.  We say thank you, especially.  Look, a lot of big stars, Reagan and everybody, but three little pigs, we see you.  There's also a list of special thanks at the very end,  and the very last name of the list is George Lucas.  Yeah.  Sure.  Yeah, without him, we couldn't have had this robot want to find Tony Danza.  Yeah, that's the Tony.  But we do cut back to Cheers.  We get like our final wrap-around of Cheers.  Still within Cheers.  Lilith does say, oh, watching Mickey and his gang cavorting across the screen.  It's like Mickey's not in this.  You see a tuned version of him dancing with the Fresh Prince,  but not saying anything very briefly.  But they must have shot this and not have known what the special.  I mean, they must have known the Woody thing.  But yeah.  It was the old version, probably.  The non-Landis version.  Probably pre-Landis.  Oh yeah, they might not have known what was.  That's why the Muppets didn't like their segment.  It was mostly Mickey cavorting.  Yeah.  Woody's joke about the animatronic Regan.  Very funny.  Oh yeah, a little risky for something that Regan is in himself.  Right, yeah.  And then they're like, we gotta watch Mud Wrestling.  Very, very weird.  Very weird runner.  And to end it.  It doesn't feel like what they do, does it?  Yeah, did they ever watch like Mud?  First of all, was Mud Wrestling on television?  Maybe pay-per-view.  Yeah, that's what I would guess.  So the bar paid for it.  The bar paid $40 to watch women Mud Wrestle?  They use their diners club card to order women's Mud Wrestling into a venue.  The final line of the special.  Can we please go back to Mud Wrestling?  And then Lilith stands up at a protest in the special.  And it says, directed by John Landis.  Wow, wow.  And then you're, so for everybody who didn't know,  you really didn't know, then that must have like, yikes.  Yeah, it was crazy.  Also, Deborah Hill was an executive producer.  And she's like John Carpenter's producer.  Oh, wow.  She's very, very strange.  And then, yeah, we get the credits we've already talked about.  Well, the end summation from John Landis is,  so I went out there and shot this thing, which you ever see it, is insane.  Some of it's very funny.  I enjoyed doing it.  Miss Piggy's funny in it, but it's awfully odd.  That's about right.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Must be especially, I really thought that it was a premeditated thing  to get Landis in late, well, for the 35th, let's make it very cinematic.  Go for it.  Discovering that it was just a happenstance.  Henson was mad.  Henson mad.  One of his final decisions in the year of his demise.  Another thing that would happen in three months is that he would be dead.  Three months, my god.  And people close to him say that all the Disney stuff,  like Disney trying to acquire the Muppets, really took a toll on his health.  Yeah, yeah.  So any of these fun specials that the Muppets are in,  when you're watching it, think about at what cost.  Kill Jemisin.  I did get a brief commercial break.  Mid credits, they then go back to it.  Oh, so I'll cut in?  But we get a commercial for something called a Micro Cup,  which is just a Hormel dinty more stew that you can put in the microwave.  Oh my god, Jason, do you have Micro Cups?  That's what I'm talking about.  You have Micro Cups at home right now?  What did you say, brother?  You have them at home right now?  Do I have them in my pocket right now?  Do I have them in my purse?  Very 90s commercial, though.  Very like, and like very fast zooms in on the Micro Cup.  It's funny you say that.  My mom does have stories of like,  when you were little and starting to eat solid food, you loved beef stew.  That story is multiple.  We get a companion commercial to McDonald's.  Coffee is fresh, McDonald's eggs are fresh.  That's because our chickens lay two and a half million eggs every day.  And then that makes a cartoon chicken that was dancing die.  It like passes out because it's really distraught.  Then we get a classic, you just won the Super Bowl.  Joe Montana.  You won it for the second time in a row.  You and the 49ers have won back to back Super Bowls.  What are you going to do?  And he says, I'm going back to Disney World.  Wow.  Nice.  Amended.  It's a back to.  Wow.  And I haven't thought of those commercials in a very long time.  Oh yeah.  And I looked it up and like, I guess I was naive at the time,  but like obviously they, these were paid sponsorships.  Yeah.  They felt like casual or something.  Right.  Yeah.  When you're, because I only experienced it a kid, I never really thought about it.  And also like they paid the losing quarterback to also do this.  Oh.  Cause they would air it right after the Super Bowl.  Right after.  Yeah.  So they'd have to get.  So they would, they would pay, you know,  John Elway or whoever was the losing quarterback.  The same amount of money.  And then it just would never air.  And still going.  I think I do it live on the field.  Now.  I, I don't know.  Peyton Manning said it once and was not paid just because it's part of like the.  Oh yeah.  It's a lexicon.  But sometimes I think it depends on where the Super Bowls help.  Sometimes they say Disneyland.  It's sometimes they say Disney World.  Look this up.  I record both.  And regionally they, they are a different one.  Oh, I wonder what the mini episode about this is all fascinating.  So mine was Disney World because Pittsburgh is closer to Florida.  Oh, it's not based on which one the guy's going to.  It's based on where you're watching it.  The market that's airing the commercial.  Yeah.  Wow.  Wow.  And so that was like an unexpected like Disney commercial.  Yeah.  Now they would do it with for certain regions.  They would do.  I'm not going to Disney World because of their woke agenda.  And then it got a promo for a special DuckTales Valentine episode coming up with Afro Ducky.  What?  Who?  The Aphrodite.  Yeah.  Oh, okay.  Oh, wow.  I don't remember her.  Yeah.  It was a very is a DuckTales Valentine.  And then of course, stay tuned.  They do the classic.  The credits are scrolling back to the credits on the special and they do the classic.  Someone speaks over it like stay tuned for the greatest practical jokes of all time.  And a cop meets.  They describe lethal weapon because lethal weapons.  Okay.  And then I got a very before the video cut out.  I got a very, very, very quick second of a Cosby promo.  Oh, great.  Last thing is not like a jump scare.  Yeah.  I truly think and maybe if your listeners want it, I can upload it because it's digitized.  It's truly Bill Cosby popping out from behind the wall.  He's scary.  Oh, no.  Felicia Rashad.  Oh, no.  Going like that.  It isn't saying boo or something.  Wow.  Wow.  Perfect.  Well, I mean, this is everything you want from an old special.  You know, weirdos who've done odd things since, but then, you know, some of the greats that you  miss like Tony Danza, Charles Eisner, Michael Schwartner, the three little pigs, you get them  all fun to rewatch fun to revisit for these purposes.  Yeah.  And I appreciate the opportunity to watch it again because it's like,  I will say when I was digitizing this tape not long ago, it does it in real time.  So I put it on to get like the however long this tape was and like left the room to go do other  stuff. And then I did come back during the earnest part and I was like, what on earth is this?  Yes.  How did we get here?  And so I'm glad I got to watch it and get the full context.  To know how cruddy the earn-out-cuddle-able the earnest segment was.  Well, thank you for revisiting this with us. This is a blast.  Joke was all you survived podcast, The Ride.  Oh, my God.  So happy to have you. Long overdue.  Thank you, guys. This is a blast.  Great to have you to do with. Let's exit through the gift shop.  Anything you would like to plug?  Of course, my special is on YouTube at Helium Comedy Studios page, but you can just search  Oolala and Joe and Helium and you'll probably get it if that's what you do on YouTube. But yeah,  that's the special. It's called Oolala. And also if you want to just click on a link for it,  you can go on my Instagram and TikTok is joecwaw, Twitter is joecajokey. I have all the links  up in there. And soon, keep your eyes and ears open, I have a sketch album coming out.  Cool. Funny songs and sketches. And that'll probably be out in August.  Oh, I'm excited for this. I really like that idea. Hey, lots down your rabbit hole. I would say  great videos all over the place from you. Your podcast, Who Cares About the Rock Hall,  which I love doing and happy to go the other way podcast. It'll be on this side of the desk.  Or the table where you do it. It'll be a table in that case, but pretty much the same thing.  And Joe, I was so glad we finally had you back on. But you and I had talked about another-  We'll tease-  Thing. We'll tease this.  Something, which is that my girlfriend has an exceptional cranium command story,  which maybe I think this is the best place to do it. To reveal that story. Someday,  hopefully we can figure that out. I really love this story and that's all we'll say about it.  And you told Scott there is a story. I know what the story is.  Yeah, Jason does know it because I pitched it to Jason.  When you met my girlfriend, we were talking about it, but it's all under wraps what the  content of the story is. Yeah, yeah. No spoilers for me. This is like Dial of Destiny. I don't  want to know what- If it covered my ears, I don't want to hear any more about the dial.  Well, sorry, I don't mean to spoil anything for you, but that dial could change the course  of world events. Oh, no, no, no. Don't tell me if it does.  Now I know there's a lot of repercussions to this dial.  Well, yeah, thanks so much. That's a good tease. We'll figure out how to unveil that tale.  And for us, you can find us on all the socials at Podcast The Ride. Thanks to Brett Bomet,  Forever Dog for producing this episode. And there's a video version of this. It's a good one to  do it for. We should make a playlist of this and your special and this special and maybe just that  Bill Cosby clip right at the end. Right after your special. So it's the face people remember.  Curious about any- Yeah, absolutely. We should see if we can actually retrofit it into the special.  Honestly, if there's any clips that I described from the commercials that anyone wants to see,  I can cut that and put it out. Wow, what an offer. Oh, geez. That's very personal.  Hey, and if you want to see us in Las Vegas, then please come to Podcast The Ride's Big Vegas  Groove Blender Saturday, July 22nd at the Space LV. Tickets available at the spacelv.com  and the Patreon. Podcast The Ride, the second gate, our VIP tier club three, all of that at  patreon.com slash podcast the ride. A lot of fun to do this, but hey, we got to go. Now it's Jungle  Cruise time. All right. All right. Forever. Dog. This has been a Forever Dog Production.  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Cilio,  and Alex Ramsey. For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.com and subscribe  to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts. Keep up with  the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at foreverdogteam  and liking our page on Facebook.