 Five, four, three, two, one.  Welcome to Podcast the Ride.  This, the, what is that?  I'm sorry, I can't, I'm having trouble reading  through my long black bangs.  They're getting right into my eyes.  I have a try, who is that over there?  Is that Mike Carlson?  Yeah, hey, it's me, Mike Carlson.  My regular, that's my regular name.  Mike Carlson, wow, that's a crazy,  that's like a nuts kind of goth glam rock kind of name,  just like Chris Gaines.  Jason Sheridan too, what a,  that'd be an amazing stage name  if you were to get into real angsty.  Thanks so much, I wanna thank you guys  for giving me the eight to 10 months off  due to my hideous face to figure men.  Oh yeah, of course, you look radically different.  Much worse, you look like dog shit now.  I looked like that piece of shit Garth Brooks,  because my face was horribly disfigured.  Ugly, ugly man, who could think of an uglier,  fatter man than Garth, if you don't,  okay, if you're coming into this,  if this suddenly now seems like we're launching  an attack. Well, you're if.  There it will look.  Wait, what does that mean?  Are you saying that no one listening  has any sense of the Garth Brooks, Chris Gaines situation?  What's your percentage?  What are you putting at, Mike?  I bet 95% of the audience  has maybe heard the name Chris Gaines,  knows that it was an alter ego,  and that's where the line is drawn.  Could be, that might be it.  Yes, happy to be wrong, by the way.  I think we got some troopers born  between the years of 1984 and 1986,  who had very weird media diets as preteens like I did.  Yeah, yeah.  I think we're the same.  This thing, when you had less going on,  when you didn't have a social life,  yeah, I was early high school for me.  I had nowhere to be.  I had nothing to do.  I had no social event.  When something like Chris Gaines falls in your lap,  and you have nothing but time on your hands,  that's great.  Nothing but time to think about it,  to solve the riddle and the conundrum,  and to absorb every piece of media, all three of them.  You had to come up with small talk  for extended relatives at parties  where you can't remember why you're there.  Oh, so you were talking Chris Gaines  at family functions?  No.  Actually, Garth Brooks is Chris Gaines.  There's an SNL where Garth Brooks hosts,  but Chris Gaines is the musical guy.  And I don't know anything beyond that.  I don't know, it's like, you know.  Well, that's what I'm saying.  That's what I'm saying,  you don't know anything beyond that.  That's all.  That's what I'm drawing the line at.  I would say mostly I didn't, yes, you're correct.  People might know that for a while,  there was a stretch of time where Garth Brooks  kind of became another guy named Chris Gaines.  And still not ever fully, really.  We were doing, I was getting into some,  you too, Jason, we were getting into some deep cut.  If it sounded like we were suddenly  really insulting Garth Brooks, here's a preview.  We weren't saying anything about him  that he didn't already say about himself.  That is his kayfabe.  That is his storyline that he made for himself in the,  I don't even know where to start.  There is so much more in this story  than I did not know about the unmade movie, The Lamb.  I didn't know about the in-character fictional  behind the music.  There's a lot.  And then still another, an NBC concert special.  I have a notion of the order, but I don't, you know,  I'm grasping at surprise.  It's gonna be an experimental process,  much like the creation of the Chris Gaines persona.  We'll figure it out together.  We're just, we're blowing it up, you know?  We've been doing, just like Garth,  we've been doing the same thing for a long time,  riding high, global superstars.  Yeah, yep.  And now it's time to shake it up.  Time to shake it up.  Time to break the entire mold.  Finally get on the billboard charts  because you insisted on them not playing your songs  for some reason.  I don't know.  I don't know what this means exactly.  Garth Brooks, I think the billboard pop charts,  he did not release his music to the pop radio stations.  So he didn't chart on one of them.  It's very confusing.  You're talking Garth's music, not Chris Gaines music.  No, Chris Gaines' music charts on the pop charts.  Of course it does.  Because it's pop music.  But Garth Brooks.  There's nothing country about it.  Nothing country.  He completely absorbed into the pop world so authentically  without any trace of country,  anywhere in the voice or look or band or songwriting.  That's right.  Yeah, I had to really put myself back  in that 1999, 2000 hit space  because they would say things like,  the album was a total failure,  only sold two million copies.  It's like, what?  Oh right, 12 million was like a big hit.  Okay.  Yeah, yeah.  No, this really does reek of like pre-collapse.  Like they don't know what's coming for them.  And by that I mean like Napster and that whole implosion.  Jason, I wanna give you the opportunity  whenever you feel fit to contextualize Chris Gaines  in terms of 9-11.  It feels like it's waiting to happen.  For 9-11 did the album come out?  Over 365.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  It was 99.  Yeah, like 600 days probably.  Okay, all right.  But that's something.  There has to be some correlation between the two of them.  We'll find it, we'll figure it out.  I'm sure he did some of those charity events,  some of those TV special fundraisers.  Chris Gaines.  Chris Gaines did?  Not Chris Gaines, Garth Brooks came out of semi-retirement,  I'm assuming.  Chris Gaines died on one of the planes.  Oh no.  Yeah, they in-universe killed him.  Wow, really?  Ironically, just like his crushed bandmate  died in a plane crash.  Yes, that's right.  Yeah, one just a one-man plane crash  and then the other much bigger,  just as big of a scale as Chris's solo career grew to.  Yeah.  That's a dark joke I was gonna make, but I won't.  I won't.  You're in Dicey territory.  Let's veer out of, and that's what we get to do.  We don't have to think about the dark days of 2001.  No.  We can think about how much,  just the freedom and the silliness of 1999  when we could pay attention to this.  Let's just calibrate this.  How about let's just do basics.  It's kind of what we say.  I think, Mike, as you said,  kind of all anybody knew then, really,  if your life didn't revolve around Garth Brooks,  and mine did not.  I would say that I did not listen to any Garth Brooks.  I was not a country person then.  Are we all, I don't think,  I don't feel like this group is big Garth,  or Garth Brooks fans, at least then.  No, certainly not then.  Certainly not then.  Now I've listened a little more.  Garth makes it hard to stream music too.  Really?  I can't really find his album.  You can find his albums, but they're not on Apple Music,  because there's been a couple times over the last few years  as I grow, I've gotten more into  more modern 90s style country music, 2000s.  And I've been like, oh, I should probably do a Garth.  But every time I run into a wall,  Garth put a wall up, so now I have to get,  go like physically into a store or something and buy them.  Or I have to download them.  That's how he made his money, you know?  Like this is the level of music sales.  Oh my God, Astronome of the Sky, yeah.  When I think about 90s crazy music selling,  I definitely think about him and Mariah Carey.  Right.  Like the two of them, just the bestounding  amounts of money for themselves and for everyone involved.  Like celebrated to such an extreme degree,  especially on those other awards,  like the American Music Awards are always touting,  you know, 10 times more than the Beatles.  The Beatles are nothing.  Right.  They grovel at Garth Brooks and Mariah Carey's feet.  I think this made my mom mad when she would hear this stuff.  She'd be like, well, we don't listen to Garth Brooks.  We don't know someone who likes Garth Brooks.  Because she was a big Beatles fan, so she would be like,  he can't be better than the Beatles.  I'm sorry, but he is.  That's what it is.  Yeah, that's the number's the lie.  It makes it a shame that I listen to so little of the music  that I'm missing out on music that has to be better than the Beatles.  Right.  Now, as of today, the only full Garth Brooks album  I've listened to is Chris Gaines' album.  Wow.  You went further than I did.  I didn't listen to the album.  You didn't.  I didn't.  Oh my gosh.  Now, you can correct me down the road.  My assessment is I don't think that,  and I'm probably I could be wrong because I haven't listened to it.  I'm not sure that to me, the album is a primary Chris Gaines text.  I know what I consider the main text, and it could be.  My impression certainly is that it's kind of like boring.  Well, I went hunting for it.  I tried Spotify.  I tried Apple Music.  I tried the iTunes store, and then I found it.  I didn't order it because I was looking last night.  But it's on eBay anywhere from 99 cents to like $30.  You got to dig a little bit, but it didn't take me too long.  There's a Reddit, and somebody has a link to this site I've never heard of  that just has it streaming on there, probably illegally.  So Garth, if he hears this, he's going to be upset.  Yeah, yeah.  The link is to it's a link from the alternate dimension that Chris Gaines comes from.  Right.  It's that it took you to the iTunes of that universe.  Right, right.  Yeah, whole different interface.  Website, very confusing looking.  I'll say this.  You're not wrong that it's a boring album.  I think there's one song on it that has to be included in the Chris Gaines text  in the record of Chris Gaines existing.  Maybe you know what I'm talking about.  That is unlike the other songs in a lot of ways.  Oh, I've been wondering.  I only barely caught that this is on the...  I think I know what you're talking about.  Yeah, I'm sure you do.  And it's called Right Now.  Oh, actually, no.  I thought you were talking about the song that he made with his band  before his solo career, Crush, who made kind of a neo-psychedelic  monkeys influence type song, which I think somewhere on this earth,  you can listen to the whole thing, but I couldn't quite find it.  I like the sound of that.  No, Right Now, I think needs to be included in the conversation.  That is the one that samples a 60s song or like he covers a chunk of...  People know.  Yeah.  Smile on your brother.  It's that song.  It's that song with it's the chorus from that, but with like almost a rap talk,  singing sort of like the Chicka Cherry Cola band.  What's that?  Oh, you have a certain or kind of his vibe, isn't it?  Like physically, too.  He's kind of like Savage Garden.  There's a lot of stuff.  Yes.  Now, I think the album is interesting.  I don't want to do rail because you this is Scott.  This is your train.  I'm not trying to do rail it here.  I have to allow for discussion of Chris Jones music in the Chris Gaines episode.  But Right Now is very funny.  Right Now is embarrassing and very funny and shitty and sucks really, really bad.  I remember it from the time I didn't re-listen to the whole thing.  We probably should re-listen to it together on here because it is,  I think it's funny and bad.  Do you want to pull a clip up?  Yes, I do.  That one is available.  That song is in its entirety on YouTube.  Yes, it is.  But Wikipedia told me there's music videos for Lost in You, which I found, and Right Now.  And I only saw a little snippet of the Right Now music video,  which like Lost in You, seems very stupid music video wise.  So all of the songs on the album, and this happens a lot, I feel like,  are ripoffs of different 90s, kind of temporarily popular genres in a way.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Well, because it is all the one album that was put out is a best of.  And I'll get into the mythology, but he was, Chris Gaines,  this alter ego was scoring hits in the world, in this universe, mega hits in the late 80s,  early 90s, all through.  So it would make sense that it would kind of like jump genres.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It doesn't.  I think there was more of a dividing line in the 90s of like, oh, if you're a country guy,  you can't do pop music.  Whereas now that song Fancy Like, the Applebee's on Date Night song, the remix has a Kesha verse.  I see.  And Kesha, there's a music video with her and the guy.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  Yeah.  Your guy's country view stems entirely from that song.  From the song Fancy Like that we heard on an Applebee's commercial.  No, we know about Fancy Like, so we can assess the industry as a whole.  What's one from like 10 years ago?  Chicken Fried?  Chicken Fried, Zach Brown Band.  A Country Girl Shake It For Me, Shake It For Me Girl by Luke Bryan, I think.  Oh, yeah.  Is that one of his songs?  I know a lot of these.  I know that Toby Keith.  He's 10 year old songs.  Yeah.  Jane's been teaching me a lot about Jodie Messina, who sang Heads Carolina,  Tails California, which is also covered in a new hit country song.  Oh, interesting.  I don't know about this.  Mm-hmm.  This is new to me.  I'm gonna have to go home.  Yeah.  But right now, I have to talk about right now.  Right now.  Yeah, yeah.  So like, just really right before we get there, I think just the other thing is like,  all of this music is packaged under, there's really one photo that you  saw a lot and there's a lot of Chris Gaines photos.  But the main thing to know is that we know what Garth Brooks looks like.  Just kind of like good old boy, regular guy.  But Chris Gaines is a pouty, moody, black bangs, eyeliner, like trench coat, all black.  There's kind of a crow thing going on.  He's kind of a crow.  Lighter, I believe.  Garth Brooks says at some point.  In universe, he's 50 pounds.  All the weight talk today is all in canon.  Yes.  It's not you guys saying that.  That's what you were saying before.  Oh, yeah, exactly.  We'll get to it.  I get specified.  And that's really, sure, this episode is about Chris Gaines, but really, ultimately,  it's about Garth Brooks' body issues.  That's truly what we're gonna get to and analyze here.  Right, right, right.  But anyway, I just wanted to establish the vibe.  But I don't know.  Now that I've said the vibe and the look of Chris Gaines, does that help explain right now?  I don't think it does.  Because what is that type?  What have you ever seen besides I think we finally thought of it with Savage Garden?  Who looks like Chris Gaines?  I have an answer.  And it's if you type the term alt rock into that website, WikiHow,  that has the weird, bad illustrations of like how to soft boil an egg.  And like the people look very cartoony.  Like it looks like the shitty AI art before the shitty AI art.  You know?  He looks like Chris Angel.  Yes.  He's got some angel in there.  Yeah, a little bit cleaned.  I don't sense like tats because he's not.  No, no, he would not do that.  He's not goth.  He's very like, he's very like sensitive.  And then the music is very like it's not and it's not punk.  I think what it is is he's thinking of himself as more of like a beat poet.  A coffee house acoustic rocker, which is what some of these songs on the album are.  Yeah.  It's very soft, very emotional, in touch with his feelings.  And I think in his mind like that like beret-ish wearing guy with a little soul patch.  I forgot the soul patch.  Oh my God.  I missed the most important part.  He's got a soul patch.  Yes.  And that's like that's what I think he thinks he's doing.  It's more of a quiet rocker, pop rocker guy.  He's making music.  I think, I don't know.  It's music that would score the cafe within a border's books.  Yes.  That's good.  Yeah, that's not bad.  Yeah, that's a description.  Some of some of the songs are a little louder, but a lot of them are pretty quiet.  Some of them are there's like some Tony Braxton ripoff thing.  And one of these songs I feel like.  That's a good way to put it.  Yes.  All little like baby face tinged and he's like a he's a part of it a little bit.  There is a straight up wall flowers ripoff song.  Just a one headlight ripoff that even has the same drum fill.  Like exactly the same.  But it's and he's singing like Jacob Dillon.  It's so weird.  Well, he's looking at what's popular now as I'm starting this project in 97.  And I guess it was I guess it was that.  Headlight.  Let's let's hear some right now.  Let's hear right now, which is extremely crappy for this album.  For in the standards of the standards of this Chris Gaines album.  This thing sucks 10 times harder.  Is Savage Garden.  The Walker team.  Moody like.  It's my.  Now, it sucks so much shit.  That's really that's really weak.  That's that's major week.  And also like he this is this is some put we're not at 9 11, but we are post Columbine.  So we're trying to reckon with that.  Yeah.  And you got to that song you just played and the come on people now he can't do that as Garth.  He had to put on a wave and a soul patch to make that radically different music.  Maybe he wanted to do like he like I better be in disguise in case people don't like this.  There is and I I did not come here to do this, but now I have to.  There are bands that do this all the time where I go.  I don't know what the point of this was.  I feel like they got in their own heads about the set their sound or what people expect from them.  So they end up doing something different.  Green Day, for instance, has done this a couple times.  Something bad.  What do you mean?  No, I'm not.  No, no, no.  Who?  Wait, wait, wait.  Hold on.  Never never.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no forget.  Never ever in their career.  They have Alter Eag band.  They have different bands.  They have the Fox Pearl Hot Tubbs.  They have off.  Yeah, I didn't know they did this.  Yeah, they have a song, a band called Network something, something, but that is a little more  like a Kraftwerk band.  I don't like that.  Oh, I'm sure that's very successfully.  Very good.  Masters of synth Green Day.  Yeah, I haven't revisited that in many years.  But you won't see that it's bad.  You refuse to see that the Kraftwerk one.  Yeah, it might be bad.  Yeah, it might be bad.  Finally, some honesty from Mike.  Finally.  On the subject of Green Day, I'm saying.  So yeah, Garth, I don't know why Garth couldn't have done this dog shit piece of music on his  own regular album because it's not too, it's like got the little country, like kind of  acoustically vibe there.  I guess he just felt like it was too big of a departure.  If I'm going to make this even shittier with the information that this might have been  from a stereo gum profile of Chris Gaines that had some great info in it in general.  But the so it's not just stolen from who did the original song.  What's the come on people now?  Oh, yeah.  Oh, shit.  I don't know.  I have a name in my head and I'm not going to say it to not embarrass.  Yeah, I know.  I feel the same way.  Chorus is from one source versus the little rap.  He didn't write that either.  That is a poem or spoken word piece or something by Cheryl Wheeler called If It Were Up to Me.  And so all of that stuff, maybe it's the movies, maybe it's the books and the government and the  crooks and all that pulled from Cheryl Wheeler.  But he made one change.  He removed.  Maybe it's the guns.  No, he did not agree with the notion that guns could be the as many smart people have.  Oh, no, guns are not.  Get that off that list.  Probably the parents.  No, that bums me out.  The books.  Probably books are causing the shootings.  It feels like Chris Gaines would keep the guns in.  That feels like a Garth Brooks move.  Well, it's almost as if Garth Brooks was not fully committed to the character.  No, which is a shame.  Honestly, all this story line stuff, I am kind of into the commitment of making a world  around the character who is tangential to the plot of a movie that never comes out.  That's bonkers.  There is such a first of all, it's the Young Bloods.  And I actually didn't know that.  OK, I know in my I'm like, I know in my heart it's not Crosby, Stills and Nash.  And I will say it's not stupid.  If I guess that's Buffalo Springfield.  Yeah, but I'm thinking I'm thinking.  For what it's worth.  Yes, exactly.  OK.  There's such a fine line, though, between this stuff that works and like Ziggy Stardust.  I was watching that moon age daydream that's on HBO, which is a very psychedelic video  documentary essay of David Bowie.  I don't know if you guys have seen this.  And Ziggy Stardust is cool.  He's got cool outfits, but it's a dumb fake name and a fake character is not as much  supplemental material as there is for Chris Gaines.  I would say none.  I would say never in all that help did we really dive into what is we never got a bio  on Ziggy Stardust, right?  Just use the name and was cool, which is all you can do.  So the other closest equivalent to this is Sergeant Pepper, where it's not like.  And now to learn all about right Billy Shears.  But even though, yes, that goes a long way to not like if you give too much information,  it's always going to I think it's going to be bad if you're a rock star creating a new  persona because the writing is not going to be so hot.  Right.  But there Chris Gaines doesn't work at all.  And other other people have tried this and I feel like it rarely works.  It's usually silly.  This is probably one of the greatest silly examples of all time.  Which is the main I know like for anyone who's like theme parks.  The only way I can justify it is that this is as silly as things that happen in theme  park.  This was a theme park of the mind to be in 1999.  Asked me to do McFisto so we could at least have a straight line for.  A bridge to.  Yes.  Yeah.  So we could be here today.  I thought of it as a prequel.  Yes, I know, because every part of me that was not into McFisto.  Well, at least sets the precedent that fake rock star alter egos are theme parks.  We are.  We get to decide this and we did.  And Bono is smart because he just stuffed it into this tour.  Yeah, you need to know like before you go to the concert, please know that he is  not Bono.  He is Mr. McFisto.  Right.  And it was not an album called U2 plus McFisto or something.  It was just by the way, you're here already.  You paid for it already.  You got to deal with me and my alter ego.  Well, and he also bombarded people of like, oh, he's always doing this.  There's the fly.  There's the mirror ball man.  There's Mr. McFisto.  You know, he.  Sure.  There was a well, yeah.  And that tour specifically.  Yeah.  Can I have I said this to you guys even in private?  I have tickets to the sphere.  What?  Oh, you got a sphere.  Really?  Tickets to the baby tour.  Wow.  You did it.  Very excited.  My God.  When is that?  End of October.  Wow.  OK.  So you're so you're back to Vegas.  Not long after Vegas Groove Blender.  Your tickets now.  Wednesday night.  My God.  Well, that's a day of good traffic free.  Yeah.  Fingers crossed that it actually opens on time and that you two actually honors commitments.  Well, they would never not honor their commitments.  I'm not saying anything about them.  I'm just saying like a lot of residences have been moved around from what I've read about  like Vegas.  I don't think you can move this residency somewhere else.  I think there's only one venue.  Oh, no, it's not.  No, I just mean move on the calendar.  Well, you're right that the risk of the sphere not coming together seems very high.  I believe it's already a financial debacle.  He's calling it.  This is who we're going to be doing some sphere talk.  Yeah, it's going to be.  Like many financial debacles, the sphere has already or had been planned for London,  Los Angeles and New York.  Different spheres.  Wow.  It's a Disney quest.  Yeah, we're doing so many of you'll be there'll be a sphere in your town.  No matter where you live on every Starbucks are going to get kicked out in favor of spheres.  That's right.  Yeah.  So I at least picked like three or four weeks after it starts or something.  Okay.  Happy spearing to you.  That's good news.  Yes.  Let me let me back it up a little and let's see if we can figure out why this happened.  At the time, it's all I knew and all I read was it was certainly framed to me in any article  I read is like he wants to try to do pop music and stretch out of the country persona.  And this is how he the way he found to do it.  I didn't know about this movie.  Well, first of all, just before the movie, another thing Stereogum sheds light on is  that 1999 is a weird time for Garth in general.  Maybe you call it midlife crisis.  Maybe it's the maybe it's the books.  Maybe it's the age.  I don't know what's causing it but or just like that he's kind of climbed the mountain  like the you know, where do you go when you're the biggest country's star in the world and one  of the biggest selling artists in general of all time.  I don't think he knows exactly what to do.  So earlier in this same year in 1999, he announced that he was going to join the Padres.  Never heard this before.  Now, you know, it's you can't just say that and then be on the Padres.  You have to go through spring training, but he was he was going to Jordan it.  He was going to like use the celebrity to at least get the leg up to go straight to  training camp.  He's 35 years old or something here.  Older.  I think 30.  I think 37 or 38, which means he is around our age right now.  The ages that we all are right.  Right.  Imagine that now we decide we are going to start our baseball careers.  Granted, he's like kind of a he's a big guy.  I hang on.  I don't know.  I guess he's in shape.  He you know, concerts are more physical than anything that we do than touring the world.  But it's still I don't know that he does not necessarily seem like a given  that he's going to walk right onto a major league baseball team at 38 at 38 years.  I don't know his baseball history or anything.  Yeah, it seems weird to me.  I you know, I've been watching.  I got the Phillies like one team package on MLB TV and there's a handful.  There's guys on that team that are like 23, 24 on their first or second season.  There are some people who are like 34, 35 who've been playing for like eight or 10 years.  I can't say like there's even like a bulldorum level story of like, oh,  they were just stuck in the minors and they finally got called up when they were 38 or whatever.  You know, I don't know.  You're an ancient old man at that age in baseball terms.  I feel like he maybe would have some luck playing for like the San Bernardino Padres  as opposed to the San Diego.  Well, maybe that was just what every AAA team.  That's what that's what Jordan did when he was double A, right?  And but I don't think this ever came to pass.  I don't think he I think this was just something announced for Phillies and then it didn't happen.  But important part of it is that he said if I make it to the team or to the camera,  whatever, at whatever point where a salary would be involved, do not pay me a salary.  I have all the money I need.  Please just donate a salary amount to the children's organization.  I work with the Touch them all foundation.  Oh, man.  My goodness.  Garth is very concerned about children and that some of them aren't being touched.  He really wants to make sure that we touch them all.  Words were a little different back then to be fair to the touch them all.  It's still pretty close to like Kill them all or something like Metallica's album.  Touch them all.  Yeah.  So I don't know if pretty wild.  This organization still exists.  I hope that they've changed their name or could have considered.  Is it EM?  Yeah.  Yeah.  Casual.  Yeah.  Touch them all.  Okay.  Yeah.  So it's like Metallica's.  Get them touched.  It's like Metallica's kill them all.  I work with the Get them touched foundation.  Get them.  It's called G-I-T-T-U-P.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Get them.  Get them touched.  So this is one part of where we're at.  Garth Brooks wise.  Then another announcement comes out.  Garth is starring in a movie.  I didn't know any of this at the time.  So I don't know why I'm watching a special with a goth or whatever he is Garth Brooks  and why he's on Saturday Night Live as a different guy.  I didn't know this movie context.  You have to have been reading the trades or the LA Times or something.  But now this year, this is context that we have  is that he was going to be in a movie called The Lamb.  Babyface was going to produce this movie and presumably the music therein.  I forget who else was.  Oh, the writer.  The writer was Jeb Stuart who co-wrote Die Hard and The Fugitive.  Major.  This is stacked.  I don't think a director was ever.  Another hit maker just like Garth Brooks.  Yes.  The great person movies, Jeb Stuart.  And he all we know about this.  I mean, it felt to me tonally, I think it was going to be kind of a dark film.  I bet he was trying to do a bodyguard.  I think he was following that model, like the kind of surprising degree  to which she crossed over when he used it and had big hits within that.  So maybe this is a vehicle to put it all together.  I'm acting and we get big hits out of that, too.  The only information we have about The Lamb.  Okay, he would have been a Chris Gaines would have been a sort of a rock and roll citizen Kane.  Which way in that we're going backwards.  We're like, okay, well, this is maybe in the first scene already dead.  And then it's all flashbacks, mysterious cloaked in shadow.  And the movie's not actually about Chris Gaines.  It's about a diehard fan convinced that Chris Gaines had been murdered,  possibly for the sins of his fans.  So this is maybe this is like a seven or something.  This is a creepy, taut thriller.  So Chris, it's more about the fan on a search for the truth.  Yeah, it's a guy.  I don't know this would have been who was around,  but maybe this would have been like a Russell Crowe vehicle.  Go.  Garth was not playing the fan?  No, no.  Okay, this is Chris Gaines.  Right.  Also died for the sins of his fans sounds an awful lot like Jesus Christ.  Yeah, yeah.  So well, and didn't Jesus had to, right?  He so maybe the Jesus.  I well, I guess Jesus was murdered, but he like willed it.  He allowed it to happen for a greater good.  He knew.  So is that what so Chris Gaines died?  He like a lot guy broke into his house and he's like, fine, this is what it must be.  So that all of all of the games, all the Christians, the Chris,  can all ascend to a higher plane.  It's heavy.  We got to find the script to the opening of Sunset Boulevard,  where you see the guy face down in the pool and he tells you how he ended up there.  You know, we know is it more of a pool scenario or is it more of a citizen cane where you see  him just sort of in bed and he dropped something?  Well, all I have is already dead in the opening scene.  So maybe closer to closer to Sunset Boulevard.  Yeah.  So he's been murdered.  Murdered.  Yeah, it's a who done it.  I maybe this, you know, who would have been great on this case is Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd.  Oh, wow.  I should have put it in that universe.  Yeah.  Whatever those movies were called.  Along Came a Spider.  Kiss the Girls.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Then now we're talking superstars.  Lion Garth with them.  I think that's great.  I mean, I think there's plenty.  Yeah, I know.  I think that's the best detective duo you could put in there.  That might be where it had it might have been a mashup.  Alex Cross.  James Patterson's beloved character, Alex Cross, solves the mystery of who killed Chris Gaines.  Could this get made till today?  Maybe.  Does the script exist?  Possibly.  I think, well, you know what?  You know what's very odd and sad is that then in 2002, there's an art way after this thing  is seemingly crashed and burned and Chris Gaines already kind of a weird footnote joke.  Then there suddenly is an announcement in one of the trades like, hey, remember that?  Remember the lamb?  No.  OK, well, the lamb's still going.  Jeb Stuart had to deal with his wife who was terminally ill, but now she passed away.  So he's got time to work on the lamb again.  Huh?  Why did you release this?  This is horrible.  Jesus.  He shouldn't have to do anything he doesn't want to do.  That sounds like a terrible thing.  No one is sitting around asking where are those pages on Chris Gaines?  Get over your wife.  Does that get worked into?  Because Chris Gaines' story involves some terminal illnesses.  Well, I don't know.  I don't know the degree of the backstory that was worked out by hit screenwriter Jeb Stuart  or if this was all given.  I don't know if the bio essentially was given to Jeb as the material to base the lamb off of.  I see.  This much I don't know because there is a Chris Gaines narrative via the behind the music.  So this is all I know about the lamb.  He gave quotes about it and he said,  We want people to go into the theater and know Chris Gaines and care about Chris Gaines.  The thing I'd like to get across is how serious we are about this.  There's the ruttles and there's spinal tap and this is exactly the opposite.  It's the opposite of things that people like and that are very fleshed out and accurate even in their silliness.  Right.  We want to be the opposite of that.  This is fake and it's dead serious.  Yeah.  It's a jokeless spinal tap.  Jokeless.  None of that nonsense with the stone end and getting trapped in the pod and the 11.  Let me be clear.  Chris Gaines' amps go to 10.  10 because that makes sense.  It's not fake.  It's silly.  It's silly.  That's also weird because Oliver Stone's Doors movie had been out for years.  They could have just pointed at that and been like,  Well, but that's a real band.  That's a real band.  Oh, you're saying, okay, those other ones.  Yeah, we're fictional.  Yeah, sure.  So if this is the goal, if this is the idea that we need people to care about Chris,  my biggest question about all this and what I would ask anyone involved,  anyone in the Gaines camp, I would say,  what happened to make it where, all right, we're going to make a movie.  We should probably have the biggest artist on the planet start being this guy,  appear as him on several shows, produce several full length specials,  and then the movie will come because by then it'll be Gaines mania.  Right.  So we'll have no problem getting that move, the lamb funding.  Right.  That doesn't seem like a good plan to me.  Like, what if that doesn't work and everyone's just confused  and they feel like they had their fill of Chris Gaines.  Of course everyone's going to be confused.  There had to be plenty of people around him going like, oh, shit.  This isn't going to, we can't.  Yeah, they must have known.  Because Garth seems like from what little I know about him, a little bit of a head case.  I think a little bit of an over thinker, a little bit of worried and self-conscious.  And I don't think that's maybe the mindset to go into completely changing your persona publicly.  You maybe want to have your own head on straight before you start being another person all the time.  Yeah.  Maybe you've got to look in the mirror and deal with that person in the mirror.  Yeah.  And maybe you should, if you're going to do it and put on a little costume,  you should have a sense of humor about it.  No, these are serious bangs.  Yeah.  His lack of sense of humor about it is a big runner.  Yes.  There are moments that are like, calm down, Garth.  The whole thing also, I feel like this entire thing took me as an observer who didn't listen  to his music from, all right, Garth Brooks seems like a good old boy country guy who knows what  he's doing in his field to, boy, Chris Gay, or I'm sorry, Garth Brooks is crazy.  As something that manifests to this day.  I don't think he ever shook the craziness.  And at this point, some of you might know either you guys or listeners might know that I  must play the video where he welcomed you to his Facebook.  Are you guys, is everyone familiar with this video?  Oh, I don't know if I am.  Oh my God.  Okay.  So I don't know when this happened.  This is later 2000s, earlier 2010s.  But when I saw this was going around and people were like, whoa, what's happening here?  And I'm like, this seems like classic Mr. Chris Gaines to me.  I love this clip.  I'm looking forward to this.  Well, I guess it's official.  We're now on Facebook.  I really wasn't sure about this at the start.  He's in bed, by the way.  A friend of mine said something that just made all kinds of sense.  She said, think of it more as a conversation.  I like that.  But I'm already finding out on my own.  So it's wiping the walls out between you and me.  And I really like that.  It allows us into each other's worlds, or I guess in my case, the hotel room.  When I think about things I want to post, I want to post cool stuff, slick stuff, neat stuff.  But most of the stuff I'm going to post is going to be raw stuff like this.  This is just who I am.  So if this is truly a conversation, then I say, let the conversation begin.  That's a word for word, one of the Joker's monologues in the Dark Knight.  When he's got the little camcorder.  If he has deep faked Joker makeup on to him,  this would be the most terrifying video because he's holding the camera himself.  It's so close.  It is uncomfortably intimate.  I like that.  I'm going to post raw stuff.  Raw stuff.  Raw stuff.  Oh, I like that.  Oh, the bat's going to like that.  That was a standby on the best show when Tom would do sound collages  and he still does sound collages.  And it would go like in and out, like horrifying.  It was a clip of Sweet Charity, like Hey Big Spender.  And then it would be that.  And then it would go into like, oh, God, what's the other?  Frankie Teardrop, the suicide song, Frankie Teardrop.  Which is like a scary punk song.  Frankie Teardrop.  Oh, okay.  20 year old Frankie.  It's very affecting in the context.  So just all of that looped with like other snippets of other songs.  And then just in the middle of it, just a snippet of the Garth Brooks.  It's just real, you know, it breaks down barriers.  Raw stuff.  Raw stuff.  Real stuff.  I like that.  This is just who I am.  Why is he singing like that?  Let the conversation begin.  I feel like there's maybe a lot of people.  I know this stuff is also a runner on Tom Segura's podcast, I believe.  They're all like, what is happening?  The insanity of Garth Brooks, I feel like, has only grown.  And truly, all of the clues.  Mr. Policeman, I gave you all the clues.  The Mr. Policeman had all the clues back in the.  He didn't have to show.  He could have just retired in 97 on top and not shown us all that he's nuts.  Yeah, just done a song for a movie every now and then.  I know.  Somewhere on Wikipedia or some website, it was like 2021.  It's like Garth Brooks is putting his music on digital.  And in 2023, I could not find anything that fast of a turnaround.  Geez, Garth could have done.  Garth could have just done with Billy Joel did.  Where Billy just plays live and nobody's.  No one is asking where's what's up with Billy Joel's new album.  Right.  And nobody wants nobody's like, what?  How come I can't see him on Instagram?  Where's his real stuff and raw stuff?  Where's Billy's raw stuff?  No slick stuff either.  Just concerts.  That's not what I want out of my rock artists.  Oh, conversation where the walls are down.  So what I can't decide whether I what I can't decide what to go into first is.  We got two specials here.  I don't know which way to approach it.  One is an NBC concert special called Garth Brooks in the Life of Chris Gaines,  which is the name of the album.  The other is the more mythology one, which is called Behind the Life of Chris Gaines.  This was on VH1.  This was a parody of Behind the Music done full tilt.  I say parody, but not it's not roles in spinal tap.  None of that.  Take that.  Take it seriously.  But it's all the trappings.  It's the interviews with the candles and the zooming in and out of the photos,  the actual voice of Behind the Music, Jim Forbes.  But they don't call it by music.  Right.  Is it more important to know about Chris or to get into?  Because the behind the music is much more about Chris and the NBC is the most  like deep dive into the brain of Garth.  Yeah.  Only possible.  Tell me again, what's the NBC thing?  Because I didn't.  It's OK.  It's called it's called Garth.  It's very simple, Jason.  It's called Garth Brooks in the Life of Chris Gaines.  And it's a content.  It says Garth Brooks like you've never heard him before.  So it's Garth Brooks performing songs by Chris Gaines, a fictional person who he's  going to play in a movie, but he's otherwise spoken of as real.  And Garth Brooks does not dress up as Chris Gaines, hence you've never heard him before.  So it's just Garth Brooks doing Chris Gaines songs also with meandering interviews  and the onstage monologues about the difference between Garth and Chris.  I think we I think we need to learn about Chris first.  I think so.  We can.  That's what I was going to say.  OK, OK.  As I say this, because this is this is also some of why it's haunted.  I forgot about Chris.  I would just bring up Chris Gaines every once in a while.  I may have said this on the show once before.  My favorite way that Chris Gaines came up in my life was early dating Aaron  that we were in a long car ride and we'd passed the time playing 20 questions.  And I like, you know, so guess a celebrity.  And I thought of Chris Gaines and I she got so angry and vexed as we went further and  further down the rabbit hole because at some point she had to say, OK, hang on.  It's a fictional character who's not from movies and TV.  What is that?  And then and then eventually after a long time, she's getting so mad and she's like,  is this the fucking Garth Brooks thing?  Like barely remember it.  Yeah.  He squealed like an idiot.  She was very mad.  So the tip for you, if you want to infuriate someone in your life, use Chris.  It is impossible.  By the way, everyone approaches anything and 20 questions.  It's like impenetrable.  So that's my little tip for you.  But other than that, the main way that Chris Gaines lived in my head was this like a couple  years ago, finally saw a clip from this NBC one that is just it might be I'm going to  play what might be the longest clip I've ever played on the show.  And I think it's important to see the entire thing.  It's like it's a meltdown.  So with that, I guess we talk about the VH1 special, which you watched the one and a half  times.  Yeah, headcanon of Garth of Garth for his character.  Yes.  Yeah.  Yeah.  And this is I feel like the VH1 special is a good example of a theme park connection to  this.  It's almost like if you if you go through the queue of a ride and you look up if there's  a secret website for the rider, there's stuff in the gift shop or other parts in a land.  If you pick a ride and you consume all the ancillary material, there's a whole additional  story that you get in addition to the two to three minute ride.  And some people like a little of that.  Some people don't want any of that, don't really care.  And so I feel like with Chris Gaines, you can listen to the album and know it's Garth  Brooks or you can learn all of this ancillary stuff, which is this behind the music fully  available on Dailymotion, a podcasters best friend, Dailymotion and the Internet Archive.  The Wild West.  It's really something.  Yeah.  Thank God because otherwise VH1 wants us to forget anything they aired from 1989 to today.  They want VH1 wants you to not know that they made anything.  Right.  So we need our Vimeos and our Dailymotions to pick them up for us.  Well, yeah, I mean, so, you know, if you got the record, you get you know, you see some  Chris backstory, you see some old photos, you see there's like a Cliff Notes version of his story.  Sure.  But in the special, the story is allowed to run free.  Mike, you did not see this piece of material?  I did not watch the VH1.  I read the backstory, though.  Oh, OK.  I'll see you know a lot of this is.  So you know everything.  You know that Chris Gaines was born in Australia.  Yeah.  But moved at 10.  So no accent that Garth has to do.  Five.  Yeah.  OK.  OK.  Oh, he's trying.  He's testing my back.  Yeah, I know.  Yeah.  Making sure you are real gains.  This is sort of like the Chris gave to his manager to get out of the cond when he realized  he was being screwed.  But that'll come.  That'll come in time.  Five makes a lot more sense.  That is when you get it absolves Garth of the need to do an accent in this eventual movie.  And, you know, I mean, look, my takeaway from his story and from the spine, the music,  the story of Chris Gaines is so dramatic and fraught.  I mean, for this guy to have lived what he's lived, you could see why Garth Brooks would  want to sink his teeth into playing this character.  I mean, can you imagine just, you know, I think we all felt pretty supported by our  parents growing up to some extent.  Can you imagine if your father, Gene Gaines, wanted you to follow in his footsteps and  be an Olympic gold medalist like him?  But you didn't want to do that.  You wanted to play rock and roll.  And so the only support you have is from your mother, Carol and John's gains.  I mean, if like you and you want to be true, you need to be true to yourself.  There's a person.  There's a spirit waiting to explode out of you.  And that spirit is not a gold medalist.  Don't you dare make me win gold medal, dad.  I'm not you.  Was there a detail, too, of like his mother was also a medal in swimming and his father  was her coach.  And it's just like, oh, no.  Oh, I see.  Yeah, that doesn't feel good.  Yeah, that's not a good recipe.  Yeah.  Well, you know, if when you add that in, now it becomes kind of an interesting story.  I don't think they get into that.  It seems like it was just a fine marriage.  Yeah, no, they seem normal and they also seem relatively the same age.  It feels like at every step that the Chris Gaines story could get a little weirder and  darker, they just veer away into.  But then he found his way into just making more hits and keep.  And yet he was still sad because that's how we decided Garth will look in the pictures.  Did anything else strike anyone about the tragic tale of Chris Gaines?  Yeah.  Hold on.  I mean, so I deal the whole thing.  I mean, yes, please.  Oh, you know, it's important.  Everybody should know that he did.  He left Morningside High School to pursue his music professionally, although he did  complete his GED in 1987.  So if you're wondering the degree of education that Chris Gaines had, it's GED.  I think the all the additional material to like fill out who Chris Gaines was,  that he was when he first started out, he was in a three man group called Crush.  And one of the other guys was the real front man.  And that was the one who died in a plane crash.  Yeah, Tommy Levitz.  Yeah.  It's the reals Morgz Borg of great, like nothing names.  There's so many.  And so then they go through great pains to go like, and Chris, he started working on  the solo record and it was a huge hit.  And we were all shocked that he could carry this himself because he was not the front  man of Crush.  It was the other guy.  Tommy Levitz was the front man of Crush, not Chris Gaines and certainly not Mark Obed.  Okay.  Do you think like when they're putting this together, they're like thinking of like,  okay, Dave Grohl now is in this Foo Fighters band.  And no one knew, oh, Dave could front after being the drummer from Nirvana.  That's a good comparison.  Yeah.  Or a little, the fact that it was kind of like a brightly colored band,  it's maybe in the George Michael Wham zone a little bit too.  Right.  Yeah.  He says like, in this one interview where he says, it seems like it's always that when  there's the solo guy, it's like, you always hear about this band that they used to be  in, you know, like there was always a band that they were in.  I'm like, yeah, always.  Sure.  Hard to think of an example where that isn't the case.  Like really close by, like in the same skin close by.  Oh, wait.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Wait.  Well, that's what's allowing him to stretch, I guess, to be a guy who didn't start solo.  He just, he, the thing that's different about Chris Gaines is he came out of the  started with a band that had a smash hit immediately.  Right.  Then moved to a solo career where he also had smash hits immediately.  Yeah.  The other big thing that jumped out at me in this VH1 special is they go to great pains  to describe that Chris Gaines has sex and not just that, he's a sex addict.  A sex addict.  Damn.  He has a bad problem.  Which is a bad problem.  So much sex.  He just couldn't turn it down.  To the point that it starts affecting his music, like his second solo album, Fornicopia.  Again, this doesn't-  Fornicopia is the best thing in all of it.  For the Fornicopia photo where he is kind of like, he looks like Clockwork Orange a  little bit in his buller hat and his little like bob haircut.  And he's like, he's staring at you, staring daggers at you while resting his hands just  below a pair of boobs.  There's a version of this where they actually like, he did his own like version of Darling  Nikki or something.  Which would have been more interesting than what we got.  Is there any song that reflects the sex addict period, really?  No, just interviews with his ex-girlfriends or his current girlfriend.  And the one that really stuck out to me was the ex-girlfriend who was like, oh yeah, she  said a lot of the stuff in this special, people say things that could have used another pass  in scripting.  Because it's like, Chris was a, well he was a bit of a womanizer.  And like she says it so like with a smirk, like laughing.  And it's like, that's a little of an intense way to put it.  You said it in like a jolly way of like, well he was a bit of a ladies man.  But they call him a womanizer.  There's a part where, I don't know if it's the same part, but she says like, yeah, he's  yeah, he was not so great with women.  And I'm laughing, but I really shouldn't be because it was a serious problem.  Why did you?  Yeah.  You just get another take on that.  People awkwardly, you know, it's hard to say truth sometimes.  It's hard to say.  I'm a nervous laugher, I understand.  And I feel like they a few times said like, Chris was getting famous on stage, but nearly  as famous in these hotel rooms.  And it's like, what the, what, what the fuck?  What are you saying?  It's the only in this story, it's the besides the car crash, which is like a real dark thing.  Otherwise, look, as I said, the story of him seems to be he had a, he wanted to do music  is dead and wanted to.  So he said, I'll show you.  He started a band and had a big hit and then went solo and then had big hits.  And then, and every one of the albums was a huge hit.  So like, what's the story here?  Why is this guy this brooding?  I don't understand what's, what is the meat of this story?  It is making everyone make all of this material.  The sex addict stuff is the only stuff that's like, okay, that's not in every rock star  story.  It's a little interesting.  What might've helped is if they talked to anyone who is a sex addict, because it all  feels like it's like, what's what I would guess.  So it's like, I like, there's nothing specific here.  It's just at some point, somebody says like, boy, he'd do all kinds of weird combos.  Two women, three women, four women, huh?  Whoa, that's weird.  That and also never, never, obviously never.  I know this is a country star in 1999.  There is never any thought given to that.  Someone who is not a woman would be caught.  It called sure.  Oh, no.  World of sex.  The day certainly look, look, I was crazy.  I wasn't that crazy.  Okay.  There was no Mick Jagger, David Bowie type rumor for Chris Gaines.  I don't believe so.  Like Chris, Chris sucked Jacob Dillon's dick or something.  Jacob Dillon, Rob Thomas, Steven Jenkins and Chris Gaines were just fucking like crazy.  Whoa.  In a hotel room in 1997.  They did a big square.  They did a human.  I didn't at one point.  God, I don't even I have the fuzziest memory, but I believe I did a big square.  Oh, I think Steven Jenkins was there.  Maybe look, I don't I'm sorry.  I don't remember his name, but Mr. Fastball.  Maybe he was just watching.  Mr. Fastball's like Mark.  I can't remember.  I'm sorry.  Mr. Fastball.  The fastball.  There's also also speaking of they want Chris Gaines isn't doing any fastballs.  He's not doing any drugs.  No, no, no.  Drugs are not drugs.  Drugs don't enter.  Maybe that's why maybe he chose sex because he's like, well, look, hey, Garth still got  to be big with the kids, right?  So I can't be saying even fake that I drank a lot, did a lot of drugs.  Sex is fine.  I'll tell my 12 year old friends I had lots of sex pretty long.  It's with women.  Women make it only women.  Look, I want to watch all the footage of all the other interviewees.  And if one of them said even in footage we don't use, Chris Gaines had sex with one man,  and just kill, strike it, fire them.  No way.  Kiss them out of town.  I will never have this said.  And in the VH1 Behind the Music, communicate that with a montage of Chris Gaines in a parade  of women kind of in corners pressing their foreheads into each other.  Like it's just a lot of that canoodling.  Never.  He refused to.  Look, I know this is all just for pretend, but I am married, so I'm not going to do any fake kissing.  You can leave that to the kid on the fornicopia cover.  I like the detail that his manager took advantage of him, but then he also had sex with her.  Excuse me.  Yeah, yeah.  I said it was confusing what I just said.  Stole his money, but then it was complicated by the fact that they had sex.  Right.  Because he was sex addict.  Because he was sex addict.  Right.  So then you mean, sorry, you mean his manager, Roma Steele?  Yeah.  Steele.  Who is not apologetic.  She exclaims like I made Chris Gaines.  I made him what he is.  She's just in it.  She's just in the interview.  Yeah, she's happy to talk about any of it on the record.  There's even the moment where he finds out that the house he's living in is actually in Roma Steele's name.  And they let Chris improvise on this point.  Let me to find out that the house that you're in is not the house of your name.  This, oh, I mean, it was tough.  Like he.  None of the Chris.  None of the interviews do any good towards convincing you that Chris Brooks can carry a  traumatic feeling.  I'm so like, I'm getting tired of this.  This is me, by the way.  My capacity for absorbing crap is sky high, but I'm halfway through this.  I checked the time at some point in this behind the music and like, oh, it's only halfway.  You're kidding.  Who was going to see this and go sign me up?  Two hour film of Chris Gaines.  Many people.  The the checking the check marks, like check the boxes of rock and roll story.  Manager takes advantage.  They also in explaining the sex addiction, which is a lot of this, a lot of the rest of it is about,  like, he was in a horrific car crash, had to get his face repaired, and he just couldn't get used to that face.  But the sex addict stuff is justified by, like, eventually after professional help, I discovered  it's because I never quite had a good relationship with my father.  And it's like, okay, you're like, you're like, I never got to tell him I was right.  He was wrong.  You know, okay, I guess I guess that's how addiction works.  So I'm like, you're dealing I know sex addiction is hard, but is it as hard as your father,  Jean, insisting that you win gold medals the whole time?  He's he's getting gold records.  It's well, it's very similar.  It's probably the same amount of gold just melted down, like spread further.  It's still round.  I mean, we should have said I'm winning.  I'm winning gold round.  Dad, I'm stuck with gold rounds.  He didn't know about them.  Rona was taking them off.  Oh, yeah, he wasn't getting the money.  They probably weren't giving him the record.  Probably Roma Steele was stealing the gold for herself and turning it into fancy jewelry.  He makes a comment about like making half a million dollars or a million dollars.  And the delivery of the line makes it unclear of like, is that when he knew something was wrong?  Or is that when he knew like, I'm at the top of the game?  Like, it could go either way.  And I wasn't really sure.  I don't know to talk about the dad stuff again, too.  At some point, it's like, and he got the news that no son wanted to hear his father had cancer.  And like, again, Kay, fine.  But like, why is this?  How is this story so singular and interesting?  Why he had he wanted to do something early and then decided to do something else.  And his dad got cancer and he had some money troubles.  What is there's nothing in the Chris Gaines story that's proprietary.  Like, you know what I mean?  Like, what is going to make the lamb so great?  Like, well, I need him to be addicted to a really specific.  Drug or have like a really like, really like only him mental illness or something.  I just don't know.  Promise.  The problem is, is that like you can't if you're taking it seriously, then you can't.  First of all, they did already put in the funniest thing by making his father want him to win gold  medals.  That's more of a funny premise than anything else.  So silly.  But everything else is like the medals there.  Everything else is like they can't get.  Garth is too worried about getting too real with the actual outcomes of sex addiction or  cancer or whatever.  He doesn't actually want to go there.  Then you're right in the way that an actor, a real actor would be excited to go there  and to process their own trauma and experiences and run them through this lens of this character.  And I went somewhere and it was really hard, but it paid off in the point.  He wants to put on a wig and have a different name.  Yeah, he doesn't want this.  You're right.  He does.  He can't go there.  He wants to play dress up.  He wants to play dress up.  He says, this ain't my hair.  He's feeling worried.  He's pants with his Garth.  But he wants to use a real like Chris Gaines is a human's name, but the backstory is so  cartoonishly like hack.  He may as well just be called Johnny Rockstar.  I would like it a lot more.  It can't.  Yeah, he can't.  I mean, first of all, sex addiction for a fictional character, it's hard not to even  make that comedic.  I think in some way that's probably not true.  But well, maybe with the right is games.  It's are impossible, especially because there's at one point they cut to like some guy who  was in his little posse or whatever at the time.  And he's like shaking his head like, oh man, everywhere he went, he had babes.  If it was sex, they're right.  They call it playing is like he the lion got fuzzy between.  It's like he couldn't see the humanity of a babe.  He saw he looked in a babe's eyes and he saw nothing.  He didn't know that that babe was a daughter or a mother and father.  He just he just saw babes were like mannequins to him.  Here's another.  Here's a theory.  All of this stuff is stuff Garth wants the public to think about in relation to him.  If I'm playing psychologist, Garth wants people to know.  He fucked.  Yeah, yeah, that's that.  And they've set calling sex addiction that makes it seem less gross that he would be  sort of braggy about it because you can at least make it seem like an issue versus  just a perk of being a very famous rich guy.  Sure.  Oh, no.  What's this?  Oh, you found more photos of me with babes.  No, I don't want those out there.  Oh, shoot.  This interview is over.  He stands up as a manila folder.  Oh, no.  Well, when I have these 210 photos of me with different babes, sometimes two or three or  even four at a time, please don't look at these.  No, and that one over there is not me and eagle eye cherry together.  Imagine the photos.  Imagine the photo of me and babes.  I was wearing a black Henley, not a really start shirt and really start jeans and a  starch 10 gallon hat.  So, yeah.  Me and all the boys know.  Yeah, that's tell Bachman jerking off in the window.  People aren't ready to see me on the tour bus with Chumbo Wumbo.  I thought it was a babe.  I didn't know it was Duncan Sheik.  I mean, I would like just the rest of this to be this game.  Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.  Can I eat them enough?  That the band or the guy, I don't know.  Anyone younger than us is going to be lost.  You must go through the pieces and listen to every one of these important artists.  Uh, uh, what, what else?  All right.  We covered, oh, you know what?  If you were worried, he worked at, he dropped Roma steel and he got with Dan Lanier.  So he is a better manager, Dan Lanier.  Yeah.  And they're never going to have sex because Dan Lanier is a boy, not a baby.  Chris Gaines is too straight.  He would never, never Dan Lanier.  Unisexual.  Chris Gaines also like he's got some famous friends or at least famous people he's worked with.  Of course.  Who have a lot to say about him.  A lot to say about him, like multiple appearances in this behind the music.  Well, I mean, who's the, who are you the most excited about?  Uh, well, the one I was most surprised to see and hear a lot was Billy Joel.  Yeah, he's Billy Joel acting.  It seems like they got a good, uh, seven minutes with him.  They kind of, they kind of told him what was going on.  So now the guy's in a car wreck.  Okay.  Yeah, boy, we were worried.  I remember when we got the call.  Oh boy, we were so worried.  All right now, now Billy, he really likes babes.  So can you incorporate?  Oh yeah.  When he was in the, when he was in the wreck, I thought he'd never bang a babe again.  Is that good?  Are we done?  Yeah, we just got a second.  Nope.  Nope.  So long.  Billy Joel says, uh, I guess for plausible deniability, um, he says,  we were on tour in Beijing and we heard about the accident and we didn't know whether he was dead or alive.  It was just like, what?  He's better Intel.  Yeah.  I know you're in Beijing, but somebody could give you the,  somebody can give you more trustworthy info, Billy.  Guys, you can put this on boards.  You can put this on poster board and he could just read off.  Like you can write the script on a big board.  I feel like now this has been around this genre of musician doing a fake interview  that plays that most musicians now have done these.  Sure.  Various like the muppet, that new muppets thing.  There's a bunch of similar thing.  Country bears.  Country bears.  It's a real easy way to plug in and you, because they don't have to stretch at all.  They're playing themselves.  Yeah.  So you're describing somebody who was the biggest star in the world and they go, oh man,  ah, they're the biggest star in the world.  When I first heard their music, I was like, oh, bang.  Loved it.  All right, great.  That's all you need.  Good.  Dave Grohl probably knocks 10 of these out in one afternoon.  He goes back and forth between parody and real thing.  Doesn't miss a beat.  You're like, this is about a country bear.  Got it.  Great.  Okay.  He's a rockin' guy.  All right.  This one's about Ringo.  Okay.  He's a rockin' drummer.  Like it just doesn't matter back and forth wildly between genres.  Dave Grohl, you know, Prince had the recording studio in his house so he could record any  he could record in the bathroom.  This is like Dave Grohl with cameos.  He could use some of the equipment to record music and he does from time to time,  but Dave Grohl's bread and butter is cameos.  Cameos.  He needs to be able to, he's like cooking an egg for his kid.  Oh, shit.  Cam, I forgot.  It turned to the left.  Nine cameos today.  All he has to do is like clap.  It's like the clapper.  It's just hand activated.  There's a camera in every cupboard.  Oh, there's a new rockadoodle that we need Dave Grohl to do a little bit in where he  talks about rockadoodle.  Oh, shot declare?  Oh, man.  We all wanted to be shot declare.  Got it.  Done.  Cut, print.  Dave goes back to making the food.  You'd be in the movie.  There's barbecue, by the way, he barbecues straight to video movie rock puppy.  We just need you for just need three seconds.  Just establish the puppy is the biggest rock puppy there is tight.  Love it.  Fun.  This is so fun.  Keep calling.  Please call me again.  I love being in your stuff.  You also.  Oh, wait.  And then you also get you.  Well, you get a lot of Don was my man continues to haunt the show producer.  Don was he was on stage just with this Willie Nelson tribute at the Hollywood  Bowl a couple of weeks ago.  Okay.  I think he's like a less famous girl.  He's a girl.  You don't realize.  Yeah.  Yeah.  If you if you keep your eyes out for Don was he's going to see him everywhere.  Man, it was very strange facial error.  A name I know as a reference point and then came up on the walk like a diet.  Everybody do the dinosaur.  Yes, that's right.  Because that was him.  His band was not was right.  Yeah.  Okay.  And he actually did produce a lot of this stuff.  So, Mike, are you disappointed that your producer hero Don was because of so much boring?  Maroon.  Well, no, I'm not.  It's not his fault.  It's not Don's fault.  Some of the songs I don't think you have you heard a little bit more.  I'm roughly familiar.  A lot of the songs are peppered throughout behind the life of Chris Gaines that I think  have things in them that you would like, but they're not good songs.  I don't mind the song that he played on SNL way of the girl.  I think the song way of the girl is okay.  I think way of the girl is bad.  Okay, that's fine.  But I think I would not.  And that's the end of this fight because I'm not going to the mat for way of the girl.  I'm just saying if I'm looking for something, I don't find abhorrent.  But there's a couple other there's a maybe I'm crazy, but there's a very like Steely Danish  one there at the end of the album.  Okay.  I know there's little things in there.  You can tell me that I'm going to be viewing it under the harshest microscope.  I know.  I even know that's been said.  I winced at saying it coming out of my mouth because I could be wrong.  But just so we're clear, Don was produced a lot of the actual Chris Gaines stuff that you can  get a hold of.  It takes a little work.  But in storyline, he produced some of the fictional Chris Gaines.  That's a good point.  Yes.  In this world, he produced the full albums.  Fornicopeia, straight jacket, apostle triangle.  Those don't exist, but there is an album called Chris Gaines Greatest Hits,  which is also referred to, I believe as Garth Brooks in the life of Chris.  That album that is real has multiple names.  Oh, in the special, they refer to it as Chris Gaines Greatest Hits.  They don't acknowledge the cover.  This is an image.  There's an image collage of all the fake Chris Gaines album and the one real Chris Gaines  album because there is an eight or nine episode podcast about all this.  I think from a country music, here is the lens.  We're looking at Garth Brooks' actual career and where Chris Gaines falls into it.  Not from a theme park podcast perspective.  No, not from a...  I think what we can bring to the table that's very crucial.  This is a pop culture ghost that haunts us sort of thing.  What year did Fornicopeia come out?  94, I believe.  94.  I'm trying to think of how...  I'm sorry, 91.  91.  91.  Actually, that's better.  I'm such a fool.  The closer it is to the 80s, I think I like it in concept more.  You know when it starts to...  It feels a little equivalent maybe to Inexcess.  And actually, his look on the album cover of straight jacket  feels...  His hair seems like Michael Hutchins.  Yeah.  But the vibe of the cover otherwise, which is very bright and has several sexy nurses  trying to fuck him even though he's in a straight jacket.  What a conundrum.  We've all been there.  You don't know how to get their straight jacket off.  But this cover is extremely enema of the state.  Yeah, it's true.  Despite being in the in universe, it's from 89 and he looks like Michael Hutchins.  Yeah, that's true.  Sexy leather nurses are definitely...  That's covered by Blink.  I made four fake McGruff songs, but is the most niche bit possible to actually just write  the full Fornicopeia album?  Wow.  Yeah.  That's extremely...  That's the most niche thing I've ever thought.  Yeah.  I mean, that's...  I'm into it, but even I probably don't finish listening to it.  I know.  I would you want to listen to all of it.  Wow.  Somebody did Fornicopeia.  Are you going to do it?  Are you going to try to put on your own inner Don Waas hat?  I like the end concept.  I like the idea.  I love the cover of Fornicopeia.  I would like to see...  I would say don't abide by the rules that you think would heat with the boring music.  Well, that's...  That would be...  Try to really imagine what the neon pink and the clockwork orange vibe...  What Fornicopeia is in your heart based on this cover?  I mean, I would certainly go off 1991.  I would try to like...  It would have to be really dirty.  It would have to be a disgusting album.  Sorry to say, yes.  It's naughty by nature or something.  Yeah.  Also, to put this into perspective, being a sex addict in the middle of the AIDS epidemic,  that's kind of a rough time to be a sex addict.  Did they say what years it was that he was a sex addict?  Well, it's like we're talking like 90s.  We're talking early 90s.  That's still going on.  Yeah.  So I'm just...  It's an odd time.  That's much too interesting for the life of Chris Gaines.  Right.  Yeah.  Now, that's something.  If there's AIDS in the story, now we have something to work with in The Lamb.  That's a genuinely dramatic instead.  Just like too much reality.  Babes.  Oh, boy.  One time...  I have to...  I was like, uh-oh, I feel an itch down there.  Do I have a disease?  But then I just been bitten near my crotch by a spider.  Turned out I was fine.  Peed into a cup, all good.  So then I went back into ease my jangled nerves.  I had sex with more babes.  Oh, I couldn't stop.  It is very much.  It's not even as good as stuff in rock stars books.  Sammy Hagar is like, it was the encore and I went down there and there were 10 women and this.  And they had set the...  There's explanation.  There's nothing even remotely close to that level.  The level of Sammy Hagar bragging about getting together with ladies during a concert.  No, because they didn't do anything that could have made this interesting.  I hope that the screen...  I hope that Jeb Stuart was ready to try to make Chris more interesting than...  Probably.  This is the most PG...  I bet there was the calculation too of like, I have...  My fans are kids.  He must have laid...  If he's thinking my fans are kids, sex addict is not in there.  That's the one thing.  Maybe we're more like PG-13 then because the sex addiction is never...  You don't hear one specific word.  You don't hear the words penis or vagina.  It is the most generic.  The most specific story you ever get is from a woman who's like,  then Chris said maybe he and I should have sex and with also my sister.  And it was then I knew that he had a problem.  This is as creative as we can get here.  And then it doesn't happen also.  It is very much like a high school sophomore trying to write a letter to like penthouse four.  Like, dear penthouse four, I've had sex with any number of women.  You know, whole school bus fault.  Maybe, and maybe this is maybe I was wrong earlier.  Maybe Garth has only had sex with like his wife.  I think maybe that is maybe he didn't have sex with anyone on tour.  This does not come from a place.  His first wife needs us to know that he's straight.  However, yeah, I don't know that I don't think he's like the 40 year old virgin.  When he does sound like touching a bag of sand, he's pretty like what he thinks that is on tour.  Yeah.  Yeah.  What he thinks having sex in a debaucherous ways is.  Doing something perverse like taking your Hanes undershirt off and leaving the lights on.  You say that and now and on my screen, please allow me to show you a sexy photo of Chris  Gaines lying chest down on his bed wearing a Hanes undershirt.  Perfect.  Man.  Perfect.  With the most eyeliner I've seen in any of the photos and he's kind of looking to the side all coy.  Here we're committing a little harder here.  And then here's one where he's in like a striped shirt.  He's making a diamond with.  Oh, he wears a ring by the way, in memory of Tommy Levitt.  He's dressed like a mime in that photo.  Like he's got the striped black and white shirt.  What kind of music is Chris Gaines?  Well, he's kind of like Nuvo mime core.  Mime core.  But then this one, I showed this one to Erin and she was as upset as when this came up in 20 questions.  Look at this picture.  There's no, I'm just going to have to post it.  You'll know it's this picture if you see it.  But he's just like, he's bailing on the whole thing that Chris Gaines is like a wispy gothy guy.  And now he's just like shoulders, big arm muscles.  I'm Chris and I'm Jack.  You look at my armpit hair.  If I was squinting, I would say that's Chris Angel.  I would say, I was thinking he looks a little Tommy Lee.  Well, oh yes, Tommy Lee as well.  That hair specifically.  Yeah.  That rocker hair that Chris has, which is.  The photos are tremendous.  My other favorite one is this one where again, we're back to mime core.  Here's one where he's wearing black and white pants.  Oh my God.  Like Jod Hopper.  That's interesting.  Like a jester or a Harlequin.  That's right.  Yeah.  Yeah.  He looks like, I feel like there's something I'm picturing where somebody is trying to be  camouflaged in a black and white environment.  And then like, you know, you can't see there's a person there and then they like peel themselves out of the space.  Right.  He looks like he's in like maybe an earlier version of Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland.  Yeah.  Halloween Horror Nights had a human chessboard that year and the scare actors would come out  from the walls because they were in all black and white.  All of this has to go through him.  He is choosing to do all this.  So I almost, and a lot of this, I just feel bad.  There's something hidden inside him that wants to come out.  And I'm not saying anything specific, even more than just like he wants to wear  jester pants on tour.  And why can't Garth Brooks come out and greet his fans wearing jester pants and a mime shirt?  He should.  Yeah.  It was all mental roadblocks.  He could have done this.  He would have found a new it.  Now there is a roadmap.  Now people do crossover, but there wasn't this then.  And I don't think he felt like brave enough or comfortable enough to wear the pants that he wanted to wear.  Yes, I feel he's very, he's very locked up.  He's in a mental prison.  And I feel like unless there's more details from the VH1 special, what you've just said  is a perfect reason to now switch to the NBC special because you haven't seen any of this.  I have not seen any of this.  You have no idea how true what you just said is.  Yeah.  This special, this is for, okay, this might be one of the most revealing pieces of material  with a major performer or the major rock star.  Yeah.  You know, I mean, sure, it seems like something like truth or dare is more like, oh, we're seeing  our world.  Madonna's getting like nasty.  And but like for the real shit, you got to go to Garth Brooks in the life of Chris Gaines.  And I say that now that I've said that, let me say that I skipped half of the special because  it was just Chris Gaines songs that are boring.  Yeah.  That's not what matters.  What matters is everything in between.  So, all right, this special, the VH1 special we just talked about, you can see there's one  good thing you can say about it, which is that it does the K fave.  It's committed to it.  Yeah.  The name Garth Brooks doesn't appear until the end when he has an executive producer credit.  Nobody in the special ever says he resembles Garth Brooks or you don't see Garth Brooks  saying like he was a big influence on me.  They fully, so if you were watching, I could see there's maybe a little bit of a Tony  Clifton thing here where if you're just bored watching VH1 and you're like, what's up with  this? And isn't that Garth Brooks?  And like the VH1 special is like successful in that regard committed.  Right.  Then, but that's, that's cable, right?  You could be weirder on cable for the NBC platform, you know, where we're probably more  of his audiences.  He cares.  He cares.  Who's watching.  This is the most hedging of bets special humanly possible.  This gets so convoluted as he tries to like beg and plead with us to keep watching, not  leave, say how it's not really that different.  It's especially that starts and says Garth Brooks, like you've never heard him before.  Almost immediately.  He's like, you've kind of heard me like this before.  It's really not different.  It's like you've heard me before, but a little bit a new way of hearing me.  But you'll come to find that it's kind of like you've always heard me, but a new way  of hearing me.  It's I will just let it speak for itself from here on out.  But so all right here.  So he performs a song and then we get into an interview portion and, you know, feel free  to stop it whenever you have something to comment on.  I mean, this is the year that I get my chance to play a character in a movie, actually a  fictitious rock legend that has existed over the last 15 years by the name of Chris Gaines.  This is his music and the same breath.  It's my music.  What you're about to see is going to is going to be a little different for me.  It's very different for me to even see it.  I can understand the people that are diehard country fans and have always seen Garth doing  country music, not being able to come along on this ride.  So if they choose to sit this one out, I can't complain.  And that's cool.  I've had a wonderful decade.  Thanks to them and God.  And hopefully there's some God in there that we can dance again to.  And for those people who see this as totally what it is, just a ride, a fictitious character  that just lets us swing.  So bad for this guy.  If you don't view it that way, he's so afraid of his audience.  Yeah.  But I think what you're going to find by the end of this, you're going to see a lot of  Garth and Chris.  You know what it's like?  It's a little I we're currently dealing right now with like, you know, Mr. Country, Mr.  Big Dick country, Florida man.  You know, like rough and tumble, real American DeSantis, who could not be more terrified of  every single thing that happens and everything he says.  And he knows these people are fucking Trump maniacs and they will like tear him apart  if he gets any of these riddles wrong to the most like you just look in his eyes.  He's so, so scared.  Oh, yeah.  And that is how that's how Garth comes across.  Yes, they're like he's he is just like venturing into uncharted territory and like  I might lose it all.  Please don't.  I just want to wear different pants.  Don't make me lose it all.  Yeah, you might hate their pants.  You might not have seen before and that's OK.  If you don't want to look at me wearing these pants, don't worry about it.  Well, I wear different pants that you're comfortable with later.  And I didn't throw away my old pants.  The old pants are I mean, they're not with me now, but they're in my house.  I can call them.  I can get somebody to bring them here in an hour's notice.  Do you want me to?  I'll have somebody get the pants.  Yeah, I don't want to alarm anyone.  But it turns out there are more pants manufacturers than just Wrangler and Lee.  But you don't if you like Wrangler and Lee, that's fine.  Do whatever you want with your pants.  Maybe the pants I'm wearing now.  Imagine that there is a patch that says Lee and Wrangler as far as far as you picture it there.  Then if you want them, if you will them to be Wrangler, they'll be Wrangler.  I'm going to show you a photo of the pants for two seconds.  And I want to warn you two seconds and I'll count loudly.  One, two.  OK, are you comfortable with that?  Just so you got a little bit of it in your head now to know that I'm going to.  From the waist down, we're not shooting it there, but waist down, I'm wearing those pants.  You still here? Your money still here?  OK, great.  It does. That interview feels very secure.  There was a moment or two where it's like, is he about to start crying?  And I think this frame, I keep landing on frames that look more broken than the last.  It's literally like he's out.  He's like addressing millions of people outside that are directly there.  And if he says the wrong thing, he will be killed.  He's one foot.  We have a list of the wrong things to say.  And if you say one of them, there's a guillotine above your head.  Chop it goes.  One of the most successful music acts of the 1990.  He has so much power.  Yeah, he could do this so easily, but instead he is doing this character that seems like  a country guy saw a bunch of Rolling Stone photo spreads.  And that's how he got his idea of what a rock and roller is.  Yeah, as we develop this episode live, the more I think maybe he's right.  And Chris Gaines is just like a little, it was a growth out of a necessity more than  almost anything that maybe part of him was just going to come out somehow.  Right. It had to be this and he couldn't do it any other way.  Maybe I'm thinking that now.  I've changed my mind a couple of times in this last whatever three hours we've been  talking about this.  So did he the lamb gets announced and they're like, so maybe we'll get people interested  in the movie.  Maybe if we announce it, maybe you could do like a special.  Yeah, we could do a special or tour.  I go on Saturday and live.  Let's find some opportunities for me to wear the pants.  I'd really like to wear the pants.  He's just like he jumped right to I think it happens because he was.  He almost joined the Padres.  He I think that was like a needed to get out.  He just wanted to play dress up is what he wanted to do.  Yeah.  When it was a baseball uniform.  It could be fucking Elton John in 1970s at Dodger Stadium.  Wear the baseball outfit.  He couldn't wore the baseball outfit on stage.  That's all he had to do.  He could have done so much less.  He didn't have to go to this extent and do this apology tour within the special itself.  Where, by the way, there's not even there's not so much of as a picture of Chris Gaines  until deep into the special.  Right.  He and it's like introduced at some point.  You want to see him, but he's like afraid.  Okay, so we're but imagine watching this.  You're a fan of his.  So this is all the music of Chris Gaines, who is a fictional rock star who I am playing.  But Chris's music, you know, he's lived a hard life and he's had a rough and tumble story.  And but he's fake, but he's real.  And this is and it's it's essentially me, but he's him.  And I feel bad about his dad.  Gene.  And you make sure you know about gene.  All right.  And here's the next song.  But like all I'm saying is maybe the audience, I don't know.  Maybe the audience would have been irate.  I don't know.  It is 1999 and it is the country music.  I mean, Dylan went electric.  And I hear about this as a thing that was real.  And now it's like now you're like, huh, what is the problem?  It's hard.  It gives a shit.  Like, what are you talking?  Well, was it because this is on every stupid music special you ever watch.  Dylan went electric and everyone was upset that he was not playing folk music anymore,  even though it wasn't that it wasn't that crazy of a change.  Was it 100 people who was actually mad?  I don't know.  Yeah.  But is this like legend grown in rock?  Are there other actual precedents for this where the audience rejected it?  Generally, I feel like the audience stops caring more than ever rejects things.  Yeah.  That's usually the bigger problem.  And then you can make money on a return to form album or tour.  Sure.  Yeah.  So anyway, sorry, I want to dig more into this.  Yeah.  Yeah.  OK.  Now what I'm going to play is that I was like, I have to cut this shorter.  And then I couldn't find a place to do it because everything we're talking about  comes to a head here in this moment.  This is as vulnerable as an artist has ever gotten on stage, I feel.  Maybe I'll pause it midway through, but I do have to play the full minute and a half.  Now, maybe some of you are wondering what this cat, Chris, kind of looks like.  All right.  You got to know he was in a bad, bad car wreck in 92.  Because we got this young kid to play him from 1986 to 1992.  Happens to be the same young kid that played young Brad Pitt in seven years at Tibet.  I heard him talk about this on a different thing.  Yeah.  I've seen this.  I casted him myself, of course.  Because the kid's just gorgeous, right?  And I'm looking at him.  I'm going, yeah, that's me.  Yeah.  So.  So this guy's in a car wreck in 1992, right?  And so I'm supposed to take the character over from 92 on.  So my loving brother, the first time he ever sees young Chris,  he looks at his face and he looks at me and he goes,  that must have been a hell of a car wreck.  I said.  It's all fake laughter and stuff.  He just gave the finger on television pixelated finger.  Sweetened audio from the audience.  I didn't say that.  Chris said that.  All right.  It's better.  So it's better.  So all right.  So we got a number of things here.  Mainly, here's where he has opened up about the narrative,  which is he's also dealt with a lot in the buying the music where  the Chris Gaines is a little like, you know, very slight rock star.  I think the amount of pounds is said at some point.  And it's clear that he, he views the young version of Chris as being very like,  thin and attractive.  And he does not view himself as thin and attractive.  And the story with the brother has blown the whole thing up.  This is exactly what he needed not to hear.  We've gone so far out of it that it's a car wreck that is so bad  that it turned this this beautiful creature into hideous big Garth Mee.  And you're like, Garth, you look fine to me.  Garth, you don't need to do this.  Why are you?  This?  Yeah, this is really, this makes me sadder.  It feels like he's trying to build up like so much has happened to Chris Gaines.  You're sympathetic to him, right?  You'll give his music a chance, right?  He was in a wreck.  He was, he got wrecked up.  That's another part of the buying the music I forgot is that they like,  I think they didn't have the actors check with each other about what happened in the car wreck.  Cause one of them was like, yeah, it, boy, it smashed his neck apart.  Yeah.  The other one's like, yeah, I broke both his arms, ripped his, ripped his pelvis off.  His jaw was jangling, dangling down.  Like this seems like too many things.  I think this person is dead from what you described, but mainly the main effect of the  car wreck is that it turned a young, beautiful musician into the monster as he views it.  That is Chris.  And then he keeps, he uses the specific word gorgeous for the actuary cast.  And he wanted to cast because it was young Brad Pitt.  Although I couldn't find any proof that there is a young Brad Pitt in seven years in Tibet.  Maybe it got cut from the movie.  I don't know.  But then like that word just stuck with me.  And then I found another interview where he says, well, originally I was just going to  produce the movie and I wasn't going to play Chris because I figured Chris had to be played,  you know, by somebody thin and gorgeous.  Chris, he Garth doesn't feel gorgeous.  I know.  And I feel bad for him that he doesn't.  And I think somebody needed to, he didn't have someone in his life to tell him that  he's gorgeous.  It would have made a lot go away.  And certainly his brother, this brother I am mad at, at this point, look what he caused.  Do you think that's a real story?  It occurred to me.  I was wondering what if, and I don't know this fact, I haven't looked it up.  What if he looked it up?  Garth Brooks doesn't have a brother.  Yeah, we gotta look it up.  That would be pretty funny.  So then I go to my brother, right?  I go to that my brother in that box that my brother always lives in with the gold frame in it.  And everything in the background looks exactly like what's in my house.  And he looks exactly like me, right?  You know, that's where your brother is.  And I got into a big fight with that my brother in the box.  Then I ended up smashing up the glass between my brother and I.  My knuckles were bleeding for weeks.  Anyway, here's my next song.  It's called Main Street.  He still seems so nervous in that NBC special.  He's got brothers.  He's got brothers.  He does have brothers.  Okay.  Well, I don't like them.  Garth Brooks, brother Kelly, plus their four half siblings.  Mike Brooks, Kelly Brooks, Jim Smitle, and Jerry Smitle.  I think it's Jim Smitle.  I think Jim Smitle did it.  I had a bad feeling as a shiver came over me as soon as I heard Jim Smitle.  Jim Smitle, you need to tell Garth that he's gorgeous.  He needs it.  His heart is hurting.  This young Brad Pitt isn't any better looking than Garth Brooks.  Why is this in his head?  What is the role?  What's this poor guy?  Playing stadiums, the scores of loving fans is not enough for Garth Brooks.  If you don't have love inside, then you're never going to get it that way.  That's not even the end, by the way.  Anyway, this guy comes out with this long hair and he hides out for three or four years  because he's really not happy with his face, which upset me.  And he kind of looked like Prince.  No.  This guy gained a lot of weight after the car accident.  Garth, stop it.  Garth.  Oh wait, that was it.  Okay, okay.  And then he shows a picture and then he starts saying like,  that's a pretty good looking man if I do say so myself.  So then he's trying to say that he's handsome, but or maybe he only feels like he looks good  as Chris, but he's I don't, I'm not looking at this guy and thinking you're fat.  I don't, what is in his mind?  What's happened to this poor guy?  He's just the, the lot he's trying to logic everything in his head and also his own  insecurities and whatever, either fears or fantasies are coming out.  We don't know for sure.  I've been guessing wildly this whole time.  So it's a mix of insecurity about the bits.  It's a mix of him feeling like no one understands this.  So he has to over explain everything.  And then fantasies and insecurities are coming out and mixing in to this big ball of confusion.  Yeah, it feels, it very much feels like a 20 year old who has learned that if they  make some self-deprecating jokes about themselves, everyone will laugh.  But he has made like five or six self-deprecating jokes and now everyone is feeling really weird.  It's like, that's enough.  You've, you've made your point.  That's enough.  We're ready to move on.  Also, I'm here to hear music.  We're worried about you at this point.  Okay.  Also, I thought I got a ticket for this and it said Chris Gaines and now it's you.  And you're just telling me about Chris Gaines.  And in the same breath, you've told me he's fake and he's real and you're playing him.  But then you're telling me about his dad and his best friend who died.  What's happening?  What is it?  Just decide one of the things that it is.  And don't on top, it's a bunch of confusing shit next to your body image issues.  This is the strangest hour of television.  It's really some primetime NPC.  What is ever this weird now?  No, I can't think of a single thing other than the Warren Beatty Dick Tracy.  That's why we like it.  Yeah.  That's completely.  Wow.  It's just a confusing thing where you can unpack it from a psychological standpoint forever.  Yeah.  What's going on behind this?  And you're torn between like, is this so interesting because of a lack of thought or over thought?  Yeah.  Which one is it?  It's a weird stew of both.  I was going to say stew of both because there's just like very thin soup stuff.  And then there's also stuff where you're like, we could get the top psychologists in the nation here  and they would have a tough time figuring out exactly why this is the way it is.  I feel I saw like one or two mentions of like more recent interviews or long form interviews  where if you ask Garth Brooks enough questions about his career, eventually you hit on Chris  Gaines and he's like, well, I could see doing more music like that, but I'm not going to lose  50 pounds again.  That's for sure.  And then it's just like, Garth, we just wanted to, were you going to make a poppy song or something?  Like you still haven't gotten your songs on Spotify and even the iTunes store because I  was going to buy the album and that was not available to me.  This reminds me of how some I'm and I'm going to have a breakthrough because I've sometimes if I'm  having a bad day or something bad just happened to me and then I go to a party and I'm talking  to people, I feel like I have to talk about the thing and I don't need to talk about the thing  or like be in a bum.  Like nobody's asking this of you and you don't want to like not to say withhold things because  you don't want to bum people out, but like something that you think is like, well, I better  address it because it's the elephant of the room.  And then it's like, no, no one's thinking about this at all.  Yeah.  You don't have to do that.  This is how I, this is Garth and the weight to me.  You are just, you're going so far out of your way to address something that is on no one's mind.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's why it makes me sad.  Yeah.  It's a homer.  I, yeah.  Can I mention some, we are clearly not the only ones who this is Chris Gaines is in their  mind somewhere.  Yes.  Some like 2020 stuff I came across.  Okay.  There's a, I, I can't tell if it's a web show or like a show that just put a bunch of clips  online, but there's a series called like a version where artists do other songs.  So like Ben Foltz does a Kesha song.  The vines do a gorilla song.  There is a cover of the Chris Gaines song lost in you by Childish Gambino.  Yes.  I have watched this.  It's not bad.  Yeah.  It's fun.  It's pretty good.  It feels, it feels like that song might be the most successful song in terms of like,  well, here, finally, it's just a whole absolutely other style of music.  It feels like Garth Brooks trying to do baby face, just again, like I actually like a lot  of baby face music.  I don't love the song change the world.  The Clapton, it feels like he's trying to do that.  It's the writers of that song.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Cause Garth didn't write any of the Chris Gaines songs.  You know what's the crazy thing?  Garth didn't write any of the Garth songs.  A couple of them.  A few, but mostly and with co-writers.  I was surprised by that because I was looking through that and I went, oh, maybe that's  that's just the Chris Gaines album he didn't want to write.  Yeah.  But no, it seems like, yeah, like a lot of his stuff.  Which is weird.  So now we're just like, it's just other music, not written for you mostly.  He's still married to Trisha Yearwood, right?  Yes.  Yeah.  And she wrote a couple of Chris Gaines, I believe.  Oh, is that so?  At least one.  Wow.  Wow.  The weirdest thing I found, which I'm excited for now, you guys know the 33 and a third  books?  Yeah.  Those books, the small books, each one about an individual album.  In 2024, in the next run of books, there is a Chris Gaines book.  What?  About the album.  There's a 33 and a third, the next run includes books about Modest Mouse, The Moon in Antarctica,  The Moon End Antarctica, excuse me.  The one of the No Doubt albums, and then in the middle of this list, it says Chris Gaines.  That's insane.  I mean, that's interesting.  And I'll probably look at that given what we've put the music, because this is,  it's a weird revisionist thing to go.  But actually, the Chris Gaines, right?  I was looking, look, I was looking to roll in here with one track or something that I  would say, this is actually, I love this, but I did not find it on this.  So yeah, I don't know.  It wasn't like, what's the song from Starlight?  He Whistled at Me.  Yeah.  I came in here like so excited about it.  I was like, guys, he whistled at me.  He's my favorite.  But that's pretty catchy.  I feel like, yeah.  Oh yeah, that's a pretty, yeah.  That was a Rolling Stock guy.  Yeah, sure.  I stand by that.  Rolling Stock's not bad.  I like Rolling Stock.  Here's a weird thing to tie to the, there's still one more text to mention.  Which is, and here's something I thought was strange about the Childish Gambino doing a cover.  Childish Gambino, musical guest on SNL with host Donald Glover, same person, different names.  The only other time this has happened is Garth Brooks and Chris Gaines.  And this is probably why I knew it, because I watched SNL pretty religiously then.  I think 1998, not long before this, Garth Brooks hosted SNL and was musical guest.  In what I think was a pretty successful episode.  Yeah.  I think a very game fun host with sketches that really worked.  I feel like it might've helped cause all of this.  Where like, oh, Garth is pretty good on SNL.  Maybe Garth could act.  I bet this all kind of spun you.  Yeah, I bet.  But then a weird, bizarre year and a half later, where we land is we're skipping ahead of the movie.  We're doing Chris Gaines.  And it led to what might be the only live Chris Gaines performance.  Oh yeah.  Cause the rest was just kind of like pre-taped, used, you know, in fits and starts and different  specials. But the NBC thing was, he was just Garth.  This might be the only time that like, here is just Chris Gaines performing.  I, of course, I've, for ever since, I have loved so much the way that they had to handle this.  Where? All right.  Typical SNL style bumper fades to host, ladies and gentlemen, Chris Gaines.  And then it cuts wide and there is a cowboy, cowboy, there's a cowboy there.  There's a guy dressed like Garth Brooks with a big hat.  Can't quite see the face.  So they have clearly married a pre-tape to the live wide shot.  And then they pan over to the musical guest stage where he is currently being Chris Gaines.  This piece of footage I love so much.  He is so proud of himself.  He gives you this look like you're going to wait till you see what I'm doing.  I am proud.  This even you ain't never seen this before.  Even it's almost like a double take.  He like looks around like, are you ready for this one?  So love that.  But the, do you remember the other way that that Chris Gaines manifests in the episode?  No.  Why?  There is a runner in the episode essentially that carries through the monologue and then a later  sketch that comes right after the Chris Gaines performance.  And this is a running, this is a story in an SNL episode.  Something that does not happen very often.  And the story is that, well, the star of our story is beloved,  I'm sure still works great for everybody today.  Character Mango.  Of course.  Mango is the through line Chris Gaines stripper character who people would get very enamored with.  This is Mango in general.  We're in a lot of trouble the day that we decide we're going to reckon with Mango.  That we're going to unpack everything that Mango means.  I feel like everyone is just keeping Mango in a drawer in the back of their minds.  I haven't talked about Mango in a long time and I don't believe he's ever come up on this show.  I don't think so.  We all saw it.  We all saw it.  We were all part of it.  We were too young to do anything about it.  No, we were innocent.  None of this is on us.  Other than that we're in society.  We have to own some of society's sins, don't we?  We look back and we just fondly remember Mr. Peepers.  Mr. Peepers is just wholesome fun.  Mr. Peepers was unloaded.  Unpleasant in a few ways.  I may have done a Mr. Peepers sketch junior year in high school.  I definitely got up in front of...  There was some classroom setting in which I did Will Ferrell's Janet Reno voice.  Sure.  And acted like that was my own thing that I thought of.  This is what you do.  You do this until you realize you should do your own things.  Yeah.  Well, you know what?  Now that I say that, it was my friend's sketch and he was Mr. Peepers.  You were the scientist?  I was just a scientist.  Yes.  Okay.  But I think we did an original sketch of mine in that same show as well.  Which one did better?  It's tough because he was really good at...  My friend Luke was really good at physics, like roll his arms going crazy.  So that probably did well.  But I played a hall monitor and I made topical jokes about the school.  Oh, that's good.  Okay.  Which played really well.  Hyper topical material that your school or college kills.  I would have to see the VHS to know.  I think they both did very well though.  You're gonna run that through an audience meter.  Yeah.  I'll run that through there.  That's like you being the weekend update of the show.  Yes.  Yeah.  Jokes that are close to home.  I think a lot of people were lip syncing stuff too in that show.  So I think we didn't have too much competition as far as comedy was concerned.  Anyway, let me see if I can...  Let me step through this briefly.  There had been a mango sketch the first time Garth Brooks hosted.  They could have left it there, but they decide in this case to make Mango a runner  and to keep the story going.  So Mango shows up in the monologue, which confuses things because in the universe,  now what is Mango?  Is Mango a person who lives at Saturday Night Live?  Or is he in the world of the strip clubs?  Good question.  I don't know.  So I have problems from that end.  Yeah.  Then it's so weird.  First of all, he comes out and says, music guest tonight, Chris Gaines.  And to like 20% applause.  I don't think they know what it is.  Yeah.  I don't think.  Nobody's...  He's at the center of no one's world.  Right.  Nobody's paying that close of attention.  And he says, oh, hey, I knew him before he got his big break.  To no response.  They don't know what it is.  They don't know what it is.  Anyway, Mango comes out.  They do a flashback of the last time Mango was there.  His desire to do Mango material.  I don't know.  I don't want to ask further questions.  Do you think Garth was like that Mango stuff was a hell of a good time?  I may have heard something from the inside that he was insistent on coming back.  More Mango, please.  That's interesting.  This we end up with two Mango sketches.  Now I'm going to revise my whole thought process for this whole episode.  That's another curveball.  Insisted.  I've changed my home position four or five times now.  You haven't mentioned though, I think probably the thing that may have actually endeared  the Chris Gaines material, which is Tracy Morgan.  Oh, yes.  With Garth Brooks and Tracy Morgan and Tracy Morgan just does not understand  the Chris Gaines thing.  Right.  That's funny.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That is some things that has some lines or if you watch it today, like, oh, wait, whoops.  In terms of not being sensitive to certain things.  Yeah.  Yes.  That was like putting the whole thing on blast.  And that's the get me a soda, bitch, to Lauren, which is very funny.  Yes.  Star making moments for him.  At the time, I think like and not the material so much as like having a good sense of humor  that Garth is also Chris Gaines.  If he had done it a little more, you know.  Yeah.  Well, to his credit, that's kind of what they're trying to do here.  Basically, what happens is there's this odd run of stuff that's about like, yeah, well,  you know, I'm feeling better since back then.  You know, I've been going to therapy and I don't make my wife wear the mango mask anymore.  And all of that kind of bond, none of it is working very well.  And what it's leading to is the story that Mango has no interest in Garth Brooks.  But then Mango says, do you know where Chris Gaines dressing room is?  And it turns out that Mango is into Chris Gaines.  Doesn't like Garth, but likes Chris Gaines.  Again, now we're back into the duality where Garth doesn't feel wanted as Garth,  but feels wanted as Chris.  Like Batman forever.  This is what Chase Meridian and Batman forever.  She wants Batman at the start and then at the end she wants Bruce Wayne, but not Batman.  It all comes back to Chase Meridian.  The teachings of Dr. Chase Meridian provide the roadmap for lots of psychological evaluations.  Mycologist.  Well, she could do to spend some time with Garth Brooks.  I don't know that he actually did go to therapy.  I think that was a joke.  That's, you know, it'd be funny if I said I went to therapy.  That'll get him laughing.  So Chris Gaines is the idealized version of Garth in his own mind in a lot of ways.  I think so.  I think he's Garth inside.  So in that, okay.  So if in case you don't, I don't even know if maybe I'm restating.  Mango was a sketch that Chris Catan used to perform.  It was a male stripper and then the sketch was they would play that song like,  I miss you like a desert, miss the rain.  Is that the lyric?  Yeah.  And then it would just be, they would fantasize about him over and over again and they'd fall  in love and then they would like profess their love to mango.  And this was the same sketch every time, basically.  Yeah.  Except that it grew and grew again.  If you, I don't know if people remember the, the mango sketches started to become like  minutes long with multiple sets and stories and songs and parodies and musical guests would be in  it and cameos and Matt Damon showing up and like they, I remember just as a viewer of the show,  I started to feel so worn down, like am I the only person noticing these mango sketches are like  in defiance of God?  These are crazy.  They basically aren't on the reruns.  They're hard to find.  Yeah.  Because of the song, because they don't clear the song.  But I think, I think, I think that's helped us not have to reckon with mango.  Yeah.  Too much.  In comic book terminology, it's like his superpowers evolved to reality warping,  where it's just like, okay, you are too powerful now.  Like you can do any, you're like Dr. Manhattan on the moon, like these people.  I'm tired of these people.  A new cast member, it's like, we'll give you a chair.  You get out, you're gonna have a chair to do this bit.  So Chris, at the end of the run, yes, we will, we will build you.  You can use every corner of the studio for your mango.  You could do it.  The whole episode, give me mango if you want.  So anyway, so we were, so we're flipping it, right?  Usually it's the other person who's not, who is enamored and mango says, no,  you can't have the mango.  Here we flipped it.  Garth wants, but so Chris Gaines is mango is suddenly into.  So mango exits with a spank on the butt, as you'd expect.  Of course.  A trademark.  Big applause, big applause.  That's where you go out.  That's where you say, all right, we got a great show.  Instead applause dies down.  Garth says, ooh, mango's got the hots for Chris and does a little like, okay.  Like a little like, oh yeah, some little dance with his arms.  No laugh.  And then he has to like recover from that.  Like, this is weird.  You are milking.  What is this?  So then performance introduces himself with the free tape right after the performance,  a whole other sketch where now we're in Chris Gaines dressing room,  where we'd usually be in mango's dressing room and it's flipped and mango has flowers  for Chris Gaines and Chris Gaines is turning mango away.  And here's where I, I do have a clip.  So this is again, one of the only like narrative.  We didn't get the film, but we did get this.  Have you have Chris Gaines?  Can a rainbow have, can a rainbow be brought over for dinner?  Can you make out with an ocean?  Can you take a broken heart and dress it up in a wig and a goatee and call it Chris Gaines?  No.  What are you saying?  I'm saying that you can't have a Chris Gaines, but you can have Garth.  What the who, what, what is this?  What is this here?  What happened to the Chris Gaines?  He took off his, for the listener, he took off his wig there and then he reveals that all of Chris  Gaines was just a ploy to get back to the studio to be with mango.  But why wouldn't, I mean, I guess, I guess he doesn't want to trick mango.  I guess that's his only way is to develop an alter ego.  Who looks better, who looks better than he thinks he looks.  If he's going to have consensual sex with mango though, he has to reveal that he's  been fooling him. I suppose. That's what I mean.  He would have to reveal that I'm not actually this guy. I'm actually Garth.  Cause it would be improper if he didn't.  And he's doing it.  That's what I'm saying.  There's a version where, as we know, sex addict Chris Gaines, if he's deep in that character,  he would just let it happen. Lie about the persona.  Yeah.  But it's, it's nice of him that he wants to be, cause I think he wants true love with mango.  This isn't just a fling.  He wants true to love with mango.  Is that what you said?  Yeah. Did I say it weird like that?  I thought there was an, I thought you did a little mango in there, but I could be wrong.  True love of the mango.  I thought there was an, an A, an errant A at the end of one of those words.  That's an interesting clip.  Yeah. It's all look.  It's all interesting.  The last.  We'll leave it at that. It's interesting.  There should be, cause there's so many different lists of Saturday Night Live.  It's fun to rank characters, fun to rank errors and blah, blah, blah.  There should be a, like, I know this is going to, you're going to get like behind this.  You have to get behind the scenes stuff, but like the Steven Seagal clip that,  that I think you post the, did you post a full one?  I did a cut down of it.  Yeah. Just the craziest.  Where he beats up people in the last sketch of the night, executives at oil company.  He, it was a sketch where they bailed on it being cast members and they just brought in a bunch of  stunt men so that Steven Seagal could do live stunts, beat up oil executives.  Great clip of Bob Odenkirk explaining it on Howard Stern.  Yeah, that lit it up for me. I didn't quite know about it until.  Yeah. And then it's like, it's a nine minute sketch.  Phil Harmon's in it, but then he disappears to be replaced by a stunt man.  They duck him out and it's a live, bad, sloppy stunt show.  And then the tables are just breaking.  What is a comedy audience supposed to make of this?  Steven Seagal like points at the camera and he goes, this is what happened when you pollute the earth.  This is what happens when you pollute the planet.  In front of the planet.  It's a silence.  But like a host, hosts like pet, pet things that got onto shows is an interesting category for Saturday.  I feel like somebody had to deal with this. And I think they're trying to do their bit.  Like that they're, I think it's funny to say Garth Brooks is doing this weird thing.  This must be in the service.  Like what if we make it in our universe in service of trying to get with Mango?  And that's the only reason the whole character was invented there.  We're close to having a little fun here, but it's also weird.  Again, we're bailing on he like, if he had just never acknowledged that he's Chris Gaines  instead of that, why did they do that?  Pre tape where he introduces Chris Gaines and he's a separate guy.  If he's going to take the wig off in the very next sketch.  Right.  They hadn't, they must've hit on the, like, they must've had people who were the host  and the musical guests.  Then a guest star or a cast member just introduces them.  That's typically, I mean, don't get me wrong.  I love it.  I love it.  That's my favorite part of the whole thing.  There was a time I was at where I was at Conan one time and there was an SNL rerun on it.  It was this episode and I was like, I'm going to have to,  I'm going to have to push something back so I can watch that.  Ladies and gentlemen, Chris Gaines.  I know it's coming.  I got to see it.  I would see it in years.  Yeah.  Also in comedy, comedy, like technical terms, like, oh, it makes sense to eventually do  a mango sketch where you flip it around and someone does the mango back, back to mango.  Yeah.  But because you already have the weirdness of Chris Gaines, you have so many hats on hats.  And what is Chris Gaines?  Then he talks and he's just a regular guy.  Yeah.  You can't, what I'm saying, you can't have the Chris Gaines.  That's my favorite.  All of the, I think that's the peak of all of it to me is him on Saturday Night Live saying to mango,  you can't have the Chris Gaines.  Yeah.  He's not doing it enough and he doesn't have like a shirt or a hat.  So it doesn't really read cause he's like, he's not committing fully.  He doesn't know.  And he doesn't know.  He doesn't know what Chris Gaines is either.  He never figured it out.  All he knows is that Chris Gaines is what he looks like in his heart.  Is there a, have you ever thought of just like having maybe a Craig Healy meets mango?  I just hope Chris Gaines gettable.  Okay.  Well, I don't know.  I wouldn't know anything about that.  I'm just saying.  Anyway, I just like, it's an insane way for a character to live in these forms and  three specials with drastically different rules, each of which has a different approach  to how we're going to handle the Garth and Chris duality.  And it's all just, to me, it just all feels like a flash hallucination that happened for  a month or so.  And that's why we need to be here for each other and share our memories and be sure that it happened.  Yeah.  I'm still not sure that it happened, but it at least makes it a little more concrete now  that we've talked about it for two hours.  I also, I think that he did like kind of get lost in this in a way.  Yes.  He's only done two new studio albums since otherwise it's been a lot of greatest hits  and Vegas residencies and stuff.  And he's going to have Vegas residency starting this July for like a few weeks.  Yeah.  And I think he, I believe he had a falling out with Saturday Night Live  not long after that second episode.  Really?  I believe Tina Fey, I heard Tina Fey talk about something like,  I forget he was like, thought they insulted Tricia Yearwood or something.  Oh.  Or something.  There's something happened where he kind of like, that's why he never came back.  Whoa.  I don't remember if it was on that episode or if it was some joke they did later on update  or something.  But he did come back as Chris.  He of course hosted as Chris Gaines.  Four more times.  Chris Gaines is in the five timer.  If only.  Anyway, I don't know what else to say about this.  It's fascinating, right?  You think it's about, you think it's going to be about the character, but it's really,  but he maybe revealed more about the real man than he ever intended.  Absolutely.  Is there any high profile version of this with a music star that sort of worked or was kept up  in the sense that it was a complete rebranding on the album  and it was rolled out in such a bad, but like high profile way?  I don't think, like.  It's hard to think of any.  I don't think so.  I mean, everybody, yeah, what we said, like Mr. McPhisto or  every alter ego I feel like is very low key.  Princess Camille is a couple songs.  Yeah, but it's not, we're fully shifting over to this.  You got to give him credit.  Right.  This is a crazy thing to do.  I just think he should have just go all the way.  The best, as I said, the best piece of all of this is him saying,  ladies and gentlemen, Chris Gaines, besides saying you get to mango,  you can't have the Chris Gaines.  But the word where we get muddy is, you know, so I'm being a fictional rock star named Chris Gaines  and he's, he is a lot like me.  He there's even, there's a clip I didn't show from the concert where he says, like,  all it is, all it is, is a little stretching out of the arms.  It's just, this is Garth, this is Chris, this is Chris, it's not a big deal.  Stop making it a big deal.  He could have just joined a band.  He couldn't put a band together.  And then like just like had somebody write the songs for them.  That wouldn't have been hard either.  Like he just, she didn't go far.  He simultaneously went too far and didn't go far enough.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Cause if there was a band, like you're saying, or the movie came out, people had been like,  oh, okay.  Yeah.  He's kind of doing the character from the movie.  Right.  I get that.  I don't like it, but I get it.  It sucks.  But the movie, the movie was a catastrophic failure.  But I understand.  It's like spinal tap.  And I'm funny.  Got it.  Yeah.  I understand this.  Those jokes got in the way.  Right.  So, but I want, oh, come on.  What's he do?  He's nothing to lose now.  More Chris.  He, I, well, I watched an interview with him where he, somebody asked him Chris Gaines question  and he was like, man, I'd love to.  He goes, but I got my ass kicked for that.  So I think he's still hurt by the reception of it.  Even though I do think the rollout was a big part of why.  Well, the lamb died for his fans.  Sins was crucified much like Garth was crucified for playing the character from the lamb and  much like Jesus Christ was crucified for just trying to bring some new thought into this  world, some truth and look what we did.  We didn't appreciate him.  We do.  We didn't appreciate his message of love and we chased him away.  Chris Gaines.  Blue 32.  All the greats.  If I put together a fornicopia demo and get it to get it to Garth and say like, look,  we can do a full album.  I feel like it's not, I feel like Garth maybe was not going to trust.  And then Garth goes, Garth goes into the 11th bedroom of his seventh house.  Yeah.  And he, he gets the email and then thinks about it for a minute and then digs through  a bunch of piles and then goes into a locked box and a little smaller locked box in that  locked box and then pulls out a perfectly kept up soul patch, presses it against his  face in the mirror, sees a hallucination of his brother, Jim Spittel and gives him the finger.  Yeah.  Says Chris is back motherfucker.  Oh my God.  Chris goes on a run.  He does his whale or bird man or like he's at his awesome.  Yes.  Well, are we not ready to embrace this?  Yeah.  It feels like it's his whale.  It feels like, as Jason said, there's stuff, there's more material coming.  We're crusting maybe Oh Hill here on Chris Gaines.  And if Garth is tapped into the zeitgeist, it's time.  Yeah.  You may as well at the very least for a Superbowl commercial.  Oh yeah.  Yeah.  You know, well, you know what I want them to do it in the, in the poetic artsy way.  I would believe that.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Well, so it's one, it's some like KitKat kind of situation or somewhere, you know,  or something where flavors are opposites and like it works for anybody in your family of Garth or  a Chris.  Oh, could he, you know, Chris Christopherson is that a very, you as musician, very successful  acting career.  And he was Whistler in Blade.  Is there, could there's another blade?  Wait a minute, where is this going?  They're working on another blade.  I didn't think it was one to one, but it could be.  All right.  Let's hear this out.  No, no, you're right.  You finish it.  Finish it.  Is Whistler in the Mahershala Blade?  Okay.  I'm fine with that.  We found the cleanest solution.  I was just trying to figure out where is there a superhero mentor character.  We went from the most realistic version where he has to show up for 10 minutes and put a  soul patch on to he's now joined the MCU as an, as the character as a character.  A different character.  And then he turns to the camera in the movie and says, now you're probably a little bit  confused.  Maybe you're not willing to go on this ride, but I think you're going to find that Garth  is pretty, is it just a couple of arms length from Chris and Whistler is just a little bit  further than that from Chris.  So you're going to see there's a lot of Whistler in Garth and a lot of Whistler and Chris and  a lot of Chris in Garth.  So there's a lot of everybody and everybody is, you know, and hopefully we can all just  get together, have a big old dance.  And if you don't want to do that, then that's fine.  I've had great years together and with Christ in my heart, I'd have  in this vampire movie is not in a front against Christ.  Don't worry about that.  No, we don't.  That does not indicate my belief in the occult.  He is a daywalker.  Okay.  He's a daywalker.  You're fine.  There's a lot of Wesley Snipes in Mahershala Ali.  And if you're not willing to go on that ride and you want to stick with the Snipes version,  well, it's available.  You can rent that and I'm not going to stop you from doing it.  Well, this is a great run.  Thanks to God and  Snipes could be Whistler.  Jason, I don't know if Whistler has been cast.  They should get back in that movie.  A rewrite of the script as far as I know.  The right is certainly delayed, but I think the first draft of the script was not good  enough and they went back to the dammit.  All right.  I'm quitting.  I'm scabbing.  I'm going to go to where's making this Disney.  I'm watching there.  March there right now.  Hey, you got your guy.  I'm failing on the guild on one condition.  Ladies and gentlemen, Chris, all right, you survived.  I guess the ride.  Thanks for subscribing.  This nonsense.  If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our new Patreon tier club three, where you  get one more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes ad free.  And I think you're going to find there's a lot of club three in the second gate and  there's a lot of second gate in club three.  And you know, it's like arms like this.  Okay.  Or just stretch the arms, just stretch the arms.  And if you don't like one of the topics, that's okay.  That's all right.  If you don't like a time, we're going to find a place that we can dance together.  But some topic, we're going to talk about some things that are just gorgeous.  Okay.  Some of these topics are gorgeous and just please don't be mad at us, please.