 Five, four, three, two, one.  Alright, it's Scott's birthday shot.  I'm Scott, you guys are not.  Jason and I.  I'm not, hello, I'm here.  And Mike is also not.  Logging into the tea pub like,  get the I'm Scott, you're not shirt cooking.  I know, look, it's reminiscent of Chevy Chase, I know.  It's kinda, you know, hovering on his territory,  but I thought I'd give it a go anyway.  Yeah, look, this is it.  I'm taking my birthday shot.  This is only the second one of these.  Mike, you took yours with a net.  And now I'm following your lead  and I'm bringing one of my passions to the table.  I'm doing it a little early.  My birthday's July 29th,  but due to the Vegas schedule, we're fitting it in here.  And there's really only one thing  that my birthday shot could be,  which is the only thing that is second to theme parks  that I could just talk about at length  without preparation, and that is America's band,  the Beach Boys.  Thank you guys for taking the shot with me.  Of course.  My birthday shot is just getting to talk about  the Beach Boys more than you were doing on the show.  More fully than usual.  I know I jam it into every episode whenever I can.  The question I ask here maybe is,  does this feel like a chore?  Is this something that you're like, oh God, this?  Or I don't know where you guys land exactly.  Mike, I sense that you like some Beach Boys stuff.  Jason, I have no clue.  I have no idea where you've ever landed on this.  Well, I kind of learned about the Beach Boys more.  I mean, I always heard the big hits.  Obviously when we were kids,  Kocomo was big, but in college,  when I was trying to do the,  listen to all the seminal albums,  I listened to a lot of pet sounds.  This will probably make you,  I will look less cool in your eyes.  I knew that standard was already very high.  Don't erode your cool, Jason.  I remember one birthday getting the Brian Wilson solo  attempt at Smile came out when we were in college.  I don't think that would make you less cool.  No, not at all.  Are you kidding?  No, of course.  I love the Brian Wilson solo Smile.  Oh, okay.  Did you think he was like a smiley,  like a purist for the original?  A smiley smile purist?  No, no, I thought that had been dumped on before  and I am just recalling.  No, no, I remember one,  I think one birthday it was that  and like America the book.  We all remember, we all read every page  of the Daily Show book.  That's gonna be your shot.  Just a big tribute to Jon Stewart.  No, I'm thrilled to hear that.  Brian Wilson presents Smile is as close as we have really  to Smile, Brian Wilson's masterpiece being completed.  I thought it turned out great,  which and that's the story of Brian.  He flew too close to the sun  and never delivered his masterpiece.  It's all been picking up the pieces ever since  and it's been a journey to root for.  He's kind of the hero of the story  and there are some villains to the story.  Heroes and villains.  As well as heroes and villains to quote the song.  I've kind of always viewed the whole thing  through that lens.  But let me say first of all  that it is not some ironic interest on my part.  This is not some contrived thing.  Actually, Kokomo is good.  That's not where I'm coming from.  Do you think Kokomo is good though?  I have a complicated relationship with Kokomo.  This is the place to dive into it.  Let me say the whole thing  and then I think I can explain  where I land on Kokomo and why.  The basics of it,  there's two bands to the Beach Boys.  There's Brian Wilson's Beach Boys  and to some extent the other people  and then there's Mike Love's Beach Boys.  And I think if people grimace  when I bring up the Beach Boys on the show,  I think it's because they're thinking  of Mike Love's Beach Boys  and I could hardly fault them.  And Kokomo obviously is,  that is the most hardcore Mike Love of Beach Boys  there could be.  Did you find that Beach Boys first?  The full house Beach Boys,  the people wearing the worst leather jackets  you've ever seen  and the most ill-fitting ponytails you've ever seen.  Did you experience that and then go,  the Beach Boys stink?  That's a good question.  Cause like many of kids,  Beach Boys appearing on full house  is a very strong memory when you're a kid.  Yes.  Which as a kid makes you think,  who are these cool guys?  The show only presents the coolest of pop culture.  Yeah, of course.  But I don't know,  my parents played a lot of old albums and stuff  which weren't that old at the time.  They must have been,  knowing your parents' music taste.  So I don't think,  so I think I kind of,  in my mind at all,  I know the hits in that song kind of all at once.  So it didn't color my impression overtly.  I don't think.  Didn't spoil it for you.  You could still enjoy the,  you could enjoy the Brian Wilson Beach Boys  when it wasn't washed away by the other.  Yeah, and I associate Kermit with Kokomo too.  Yes.  Yeah, I was gonna say the Muppets.  That is forever linked to it.  And I do kind of,  I like Kokomo now.  Well, that's my-  I can enjoy it.  Yeah.  I mean, I think my feeling has just always been like,  I think it's maybe how people feel with like,  if you like a Dial of Destiny or something.  If you like have,  well, I don't know.  I don't know if it's the,  but you know,  I just love seeing my friends together.  Sure.  You've said that about a lot of things.  Yes.  There's a feeling about,  it's one of the only things I think I have it with,  where like,  well, it's still the voices.  It's still Carl's wonderful voice and Mike,  you know, doing some,  it's Mike Love's energy, let's say.  I don't know.  It's the people who have been part of things  that I care about very much.  And it's still them,  even if it's on kind of a schlocky thing.  I just,  I do,  I like seeing my friends together.  Yeah, I get that.  Yeah, that makes sense.  I think,  I don't know,  the song is sort of redeemable,  I think in some ways too.  Yeah.  It's cheesy.  It's a cheesy song.  And probably a lot of it's just nostalgia for me.  Yeah.  That does a lot of heavy lifting for it, but-  Well, but it was around when we were what?  Three, four years.  And through our whole child,  the fact that it was part of like Muppet stuff,  it was very,  it was kept around,  kept around by the band today.  They've almost,  you almost regard it as one of the primary songs  at this point,  which is insane.  Yeah, yeah.  Because the primary song,  like the real,  the true period of the band firing on all cylinders  is like 62 to 66,  where they had so many hits.  And it's amazing that they landed one right at the end  that has nothing to do with any of that,  that doesn't sound like the rest of the music of the band,  but just through sheer will,  through Mike Love's sheer will.  Revenge.  His anger.  Absolutely.  Yeah, spite.  Well, yeah, that's what it is.  And maybe like,  I mentioned this notion of heroes and villains.  And I think if I just liked the music,  that wouldn't be enough to make it this fascination.  I think the reason I continue to love them  and think about them all the time  are the great characters.  I think you have wonderful characters in the story  who like weave in and out of each other  and like jockey to control the band's legacy.  And I do think it breaks down into heroes and villains,  which is a rare thing.  I don't think it's usually so cut and dry.  You hear like somebody in this band was kind of a jerk,  but it's not as clear as like,  they are fully on the other side, super villain.  The devil and God.  Yeah.  It's the hardcore line in the sand.  Pretty much.  As far as motivations.  So our heroes, the people that we root for,  it's the Wilson Brothers, Brian,  who is a true like struck by lightning  once in a generation musical genius.  Like truly early 60s, he's this like,  you know, vibrant right in there with the Beatles and Spectre  like this defiant pop genius moving things ahead.  And then been very troubled for a long time.  Which has left us with the Brian we have today,  who is just a, this kind of like sweet troubled man  who is just, he's getting by.  Do you know about the interview  where he discusses his favorite movie?  I don't think so.  This is one of the great exchanges  in the history of press, of journalism.  This is Spin Magazine.  Question, have you seen any good movies lately?  Well, I've seen, I've only seen one  in the last couple of years.  It's called Norbit by Eddie Murphy.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I've seen that.  How did you like it?  Fantastic movie, very funny.  What's your favorite movie?  Norbit.  Oh, Brian.  Yeah, which is how I, it's just like, oh, sweet, sad Brian.  Aaron had, I think a good metaphor for him  and to put it in PTR terms,  he's kind of a human truffles the bear.  The big sad bear who we love  at Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory.  He's just kind of like always slouched  and looking a little bummed and like he could use a hug.  And sometimes he's wearing a Hawaiian shirt.  So that's him, that's Brian is a human truffles.  You've got Dennis, the drummer, Brian's brother,  who's the only actual surfer and the only beach boy  who anyone might consider cool on any level.  Yeah.  That's one big thing about the Beach Boys.  They, I love their music very much.  They are not cool.  Nobody has ever called them cool.  Which is sort of interesting  because almost every, isn't that the appeal  of most rock bands?  There was just this tribute concert on CBS  where with all my favorite bands came out to,  all my other favorite bands came out to honor  my favorite band, Weezer, Fall Out Boy.  They were all there.  And Drew Carey came out and did a little tribute to Dennis  and he made a joke that I liked a lot,  which was, he's the only surfer of the band.  He's the, probably the band's only sex symbol.  Oh, right.  And then he gestured to the band  who were all up in the balcony and said,  I mean, come on, right?  As if to say, look at yourselves.  And then it cuts to the Living Beach Boys  and especially Mike Love just glaring  with all the hate in the world you could have for Drew Carey.  Someone who no one hates at this point.  Well, Dennis also, Dennis died pretty young, right?  Yep, drowned in Marina Del Rey in 83.  Yeah, he got out of there while he was still relatively young.  You're saying he would have gotten old and uncool?  Oh, possibly.  They would have handed him every opportunity.  Yeah.  I mean, you don't make it out of full house appearances alive.  You don't end up seeming that cool.  If Dennis is doing like, you know, like, hey, Stephanie,  I'd be happy to help you with your homework.  You know, DJ, maybe you and Steve aren't meant to be.  Maybe he cares about eating more than he cares about you.  Dennis, I feel like I picked up like little bits and bobs  of knowledge because whenever, I guess, few years ago,  once upon a time, Hollywood came out.  Yeah.  And the Manson connection,  like the kind of casual Manson connection.  Yeah, I think the way that Brad Pitt meets the Manson family  in the movie is very much based on how Dennis ran into them.  Where he's just like open chest,  can of beer while he's driving,  just like horny as hell and can get it  wherever he wants.  There's no shortage of sex opportunities.  And he like saw a couple of girls hitchhiking  and like, yeah, I'd be happy to.  All right, I have no further questions.  I just need to know where you live.  Okay, Chatsworth.  Spawn Ranch.  Spawn Ranch.  I've heard of that.  Ranch living, huh?  Horses love it.  I would love to hang out with whoever you've got up there  for as long, for 24 hours or more.  Yes, which then leads to,  Charles Manson has a song on a Beach Boys album.  Yeah.  He wrote a song and for a while,  the credit was just to Dennis Wilson and him.  And then the murders happened.  Like shit, shit, shit.  Like that record is in stores right then.  Yeah.  What do we do?  Crap, crap, crap.  We know, I swear we didn't know.  Then how come you wrote a song on your record?  Jesus.  And I've got some more.  I'm gonna play, basically the plan here,  just to announce the plan,  I'm gonna play a little pile of crazy Beach Boys music  for you guys.  And I think it's a testament to how much  the crazy Beach Boys music there is  that the song written by Charles Manson does not qualify.  Oh wow, okay.  It's not in there.  Actually, you know, honestly, it's not bad.  Wow.  Have you ever heard his regular music?  The demo of it?  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I think I have, yeah.  I mean, not that song or anything of his just like.  He has a lot of shitty music.  It's pretty bad.  Yeah, yeah.  But if you dress it up,  if you run it through a production filter  and get some decent musicians on there.  Yeah.  I'll go ahead and say,  I don't think Charles Manson was the best guitar player  around in those days.  All right, well.  John Hinckley puts him to shame.  You know what?  I haven't heard Hinckley's, but I bet.  I honestly.  He just kind of sounds like singer songwriters.  It's just kind of, from what I remember,  it's like acoustic.  If he can keep a tempo, I think,  he's better than Manson.  I think he was supposed to do a show at like a smaller venue,  maybe attached to a hotel in New York.  And then there was Uproar that they booked him.  I would say Hinckley also pulled the trigger himself  as opposed to Manson having to send people.  That's true.  So there's another area where he beats Manson.  He needs other people to do things for him.  But Carl's in there, my favorite beach boy,  the heart of the band.  And the reason why any of it's listenable  in the later days, especially including Kokomo.  Then you've got Al Jardine.  Al Jardine, you know those alignment charts,  the Dungeons and Dragons?  That's what it's based on, right?  The character alignment.  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Al Jardine, a true neutral.  The definition of true neutral.  The most just around.  It's kind of impossible to have an opinion about him.  He's there, don't worry about him.  And then we get into our villains,  because of all the bands in the world,  I can't think of a band that has more people  trying to get them.  They have so many boss hogs to their dukes of hazard.  One being Murray Wilson, all the Wilson boys.  Father, who is a, do you know about Murray?  Their father was a psychopath.  Oh, I miraculously don't know about Murray Wilson.  He was a songwriter too, a little bit.  Like a jingle guy.  He tried to do a song for the Colonel.  The Colonel makes finger lick.  His music is bad, it's not good.  So he was a failed musician,  so he's taken out all his rage on the boys.  And then also, he just sold all the songs  without telling them, oh by the way,  you don't own your music anymore, bye.  You are not set for life even remotely, so long.  Dr. Eugene Landy, who is in the film,  played by Paul Giamatti.  He's a psychiatrist who was brought in  to save Brian's life, but instead he takes over his life  and even starts writing all of his music with it.  He puts himself in the will.  And then also, hey, and we write songs together, right?  Don't we buddy?  All right, more of that to come.  But there is one villain, of course,  to the band, in the band.  And this is who drives the entire thing.  The biggest villain to the Beach Boys.  Perhaps the biggest villain in music history in general.  And that is the great Michael Edward Love.  Mike Love, I mean, you hate him, but you love to hate him.  If there's no Mike Love, this is what I'm saying  with the great characters.  If there isn't that, then I think the Beach Boys  just made some good music a long time ago  and you don't think about it anymore.  But you need the heel, the Thorne and Brian side.  Who wears terrible clothes?  He's always in a hat, even though you are fully aware  he's been bald for like 50 years.  He dances like a doofus.  He's this like Tommy Bahama cheese ball.  He is a major trumper.  He is like, is there a more Trumpy musician?  I guess Kid Rocks in there, three doors down.  Yeah, that's true.  I don't know, but if he feels like he's similar  in age to Donald, there's something specific about it.  Kid Rock.  I think a lot of people just ended up like,  now it's confusing because you've got Biden  who's also in the same age range.  But I think a lot of people are just like,  something about the guy I like.  You mean that he is a man and he is around your age?  Ancient, yeah, yeah, yeah.  He seems lost sometimes the way I do.  That's very comforting.  But that's gonna be confusing in 2024  when you got two.  Oh, yeah.  Too very confused.  Oh my God.  Too confused guys and then just like  a overly jacked baby boom.  Like just RFK Junior and like the most really  worrisome people are just like, oh, Kennedy, Kennedy?  There's more Kennedy.  It's like, yeah, that's not good.  He's got the Bill Maher vote  and he's got the Rob Schneider vote.  So we're looking good.  We got great supporters.  Oh, jeez Louise.  I don't know, where does RFK Junior fall  on the alignment chart?  Oh, that's a complicated question I think.  Actually, follow up question.  Has there been anyone in politics in the last 15 years  who you don't call chaotic evil?  That's on both sides.  That's getting, there's maybe a couple,  but it's closer to neutral.  The political alignment chart is nine squares  and eight of them are blank.  Yeah.  And then there's 10,000 names all squeezed into the one.  Just yeah, where on that chart is there just a column  that just says pure grifter?  Like.  Oh, that's true.  Yeah, yeah.  You gotta go to a bigger box.  That's actually where most of them.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's the 10th type.  Like it's one of those things where you hear someone go like,  well, you know, they're actually, they're anti-war  and they're proof-free speech.  And they start saying all these things  that try to like butter you up, like butter regular people.  And you should immediately be reaching for your wallet  because someone is gonna pick your pocket right now.  I still got that, don't I?  This guy's running for office.  He's a wallet inspector, so make sure to show him yours.  Like, uh-oh.  That's good, I believe.  I think wallets do need to be inspected.  That sounds good to me.  This guy's reasonable.  Yeah, that's what, you know, yeah,  Mike Love has like firmly taken the Beach Boys name into,  because if you don't know,  the people I listed in the heroes column,  two of them are dead and two of them have nothing to do  with Mike Love and don't want to.  And when things happen like, hey,  the big catch, come catch the Beach Boys  at this big Don Jr. hunting animals rally,  like the rally to get more rhinos shot.  Come hang out and hear Barbra Ann and all your favorites.  There'll be good vibrations, man.  Yeah, there's a lot, Mike Love,  what Mike Love has done is almost turned the Beach Boys  into the chain restaurant version of the Beach Boys.  Yes.  You see it happen here and there and it's not,  Brian May didn't do it as, he kind of did it,  but it's not.  You say Brian May.  Brian May and Queen.  Oh, sure, yeah.  Kind of did a version of it with Queen,  where it's like.  But it's less.  It's less aggressive than what Mike Love did,  which is truly the band feels like a bunch of cartoon men  with just like the most blanket,  what we do, man, is surfing and it's like,  he's boiled it down to the fast food version.  The image from everything he wears,  the clothing exactly right.  It's all.  But it's all gotten stupider and crazier.  The colors have gotten worse.  It's how I've said how Trump has always been doing  kabuki of a man.  He's like this, he is a version of a man  you could see from the back row of an arena,  which is what he, that's what he is.  Sure.  And that's kind of, like Mike Love is like a,  well, if you're all the way in the back row  of the Hollywood Bowl where they played last night  as we record this, yeah, that looks like a cool surfer dude.  And you get up close to him and oh my God,  what's wrong with him?  And this is the craziest shirt pattern I've ever seen.  And look at his hair, oh God.  It is like a pro wrestling heel wearing like,  oh, they're wearing a suit,  but it's the gaudiest thing you've ever seen.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Which is what's supposed to impress you  and blind you with the opulence.  It's like if Paul McCartney touring now  made everyone wear the old Beetle suits.  The suits and the laptops.  Yeah, absolutely.  It's like, or yeah, and then they would come out  at like they were a tribute band  in the Sergeant Pepper outfits  when he was playing those songs.  And everybody's gotta like,  everybody's gotta keep that hair dyed jet black.  Yeah.  You have to have the hair, first of all,  by any means necessary,  whatever crazy operation you need to have.  Yes, yes.  But I don't even wanna denigrate tribute bands  with like, I don't wanna paint them with that product  because at least like,  oh, in fear you love this.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's a different thing.  You're passionate about this.  But like turning your own band into a tribute band  I think is sort of strange.  It's a little weird, yeah.  And it's where there's been this schism.  What I was saying, like when Mike Love goes  and performs at like the Rhino Horn collection event,  Brian and Al have to say,  we, just so you know, we have nothing to do with this.  I know you know that we were in the Beach Boys,  but we have not been for a long time.  We don't approve of any of that.  Mike, you just asked recently,  hey, they're playing the bowl.  Are you going? Oh, yeah, yeah.  I'm not, I never go.  I do not see, I've never seen.  Really? Really?  As much as I talk about that,  I've never seen the Mike Love Beach Boys  because I am a purist and I'm after this other thing.  And I don't want this like Kabuki of the beach lifestyle  and what they're selling.  And I know exactly what it's going to be.  You could predict that concert beat for beat.  Brian Wilson has put on these wonderful shows  for many, many years where he does all the pet sounds.  He does all the smile.  He does deeper cuts.  The band performs, the musicians he curates are unbelievable.  And they do it like a recital.  They do it like, you know, a classical combo,  which is like respectfully, perfectly do every little bit.  Studiously, precisely right.  As opposed to what the Beach Boys have been for a long time,  which is like, okay, I think we're losing everybody's energy.  I think like nobody cares about this.  Just add like, get a couple more guitar players in there.  Okay, if we have nine guitar players and three drummers,  like everybody, yes, everyone's listless,  but like if you get a bunch of monkeys  and put them in front typewriters,  like if you get enough guys in Hawaiian shirts  with guitars on stage,  all of them collectively will care enough  to make this a not unwatchable concert.  Three nights at the Hollywood Bowl,  how many people are on stage do you think they have now?  Like 15 members in the band?  How many?  Well, they're there with an orchestra too.  Oh, I didn't know that.  Yeah, I don't know.  I mean, all I know is, this is me.  This is me who likes the Beach Boys enough  to talk about this and to do this episode.  I've not been able to name a Beach Boy.  I've not been able to name anyone on that stage  for like a decade, besides John Stamos, of course,  who does he, I don't know if he falls in the villains list.  I don't know, he's somewhere in between,  or he's chaotic good or neutral evil.  He's certainly chaotic, I think.  I'm not sure.  I've seen him, Mr. Like, you know, I like Brian.  I like Mike too, you know, it's just like whatever, man.  He plays all the sides.  So he's just, I mean, I understand on some level  being like, I gotta stick with,  I got to play with the Beach Boys.  It's still fun for me, even at age 60.  Well, and he came in via the Mike, you know.  The way Stamos came into the band is that like,  it used to be that Mike is like the, you know, the hot,  so he's the young, like, you know,  he's their Mick Jagger, right?  He's up on stage and doing the moves  and the girls are screaming for him,  which were like, my wife would say,  he's not like an attractive,  shush, shush, shush, close enough.  That's what they got.  And then he ages, he becomes this like,  he ages so rapidly and is not the guy.  Can't be that, he's not getting screamed at,  at least not for, you know, attracted to reasons  for a long time.  John Stamos just shows up backstage at a show  and there are screams and he's like, what was that?  Oh, that's this guy from General Hospital.  He's just visiting.  He's a big, oh, you don't say.  What if I were to adopt him as my son?  Truly just that.  He was screamed at once,  which credit to Mike Love for putting money  on the right horse.  Like his star only grew.  He only kept having shows to put the Beach Boys on.  Before Full House, there was this other one called  You Again with Jack Klugman that wasted a bunch of time  with the whole Beach Boys plot.  And Stamos certainly still around for, you know,  he doesn't feel like an over the hill celebrity.  So, you know, he did choose wisely,  but that's what it's all based on is Mike,  like how do I keep those girls screaming?  Do you ever look and see what the set list was?  Do you like, is that intriguing to you at all?  Well, I saw a couple of videos.  I know that they did, you know, Surfing USA  and Surfing Safari.  Do you have the full set list?  I have them right here, yeah.  Well, Mark McGrath was with them on July 4th,  of course.  Well, that's what you told me.  There was an ad on TV that specifically said,  Mark McGrath only there the fourth,  but Stamos there all three nights.  Wow, wow.  Well, this is the way the Beach Boys are  with the fractions.  Like Brian Wilson, not the other Beach Boys,  he's on his own.  Okay, come see Al Jardine's Beach Boys Family and Friends.  That does not have Brian and it does not have Mike.  Okay, come see the Beach Boys.  This doesn't have Brian or Al.  Maybe there'll be Stamos.  There's so many asterisks any time you see them.  So Mark does Do It Again, Surfing Safari, Surfing USA,  and he does California Girls.  That's the only four he does.  That's still, that's a big chunk of the big ones  to give to...  Didn't he just like, in the last 10 years,  Mike was like, yeah, let's get Sugar Ray's Leith Singard.  I think so.  They must have been at some, they were at like a,  you know, a festival in Belmont Park or something,  and there was like a stage next door  where he heard screaming, oh, those screams.  We never get them unless Stamos is here.  Who's that young man up there?  And he's looking for them.  Yeah, yeah.  I think Mark McGrath has had more work than Mike Love.  Possibly.  That's what's insane is that he's like finding like-minded.  He like, he keeps finding like it's the new me.  And he's correct.  Mark McGrath is the new him completely.  Here's the fact, I don't know if you know this, Mike.  If you see the Beach Boys today, not at the Hollywood Bowl,  but I saw footage from a cruise earlier this year,  and Mark McGrath has the microphone.  He says, hey, I'm gonna do a song real quick,  a song I wrote back in 1997.  It's called Fly.  And then the Beach Boys just play Fly.  They play Sugar Ray's Fly.  And you're like, and Mike Love just goes  to the back of the stage.  He just kind of stands there.  He just listens.  He does not participate.  Super cat part?  He doesn't do the ref, fly off, aye, aye, aye, aye.  No, no.  Bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow,  like he'd do in some of his like backup vocals or anything.  He might just, Mike Love just might be like peeing  into a catheter at that point.  He's peeing consistently through a whole Beach Boys show,  let's be honest.  That catheter's in.  That must be, they've been since 91.  That's been the situation.  Yeah.  Well, I learned- Part of my writer is-  I can't- A pee nurse.  I can't take time out to stop rocking, man.  That's how he thinks.  He's like, if I leave, they'll take it all away from me.  That's really how, and this is how, like Mike Love,  he's operated out of fear all this time.  Every move has been made out of fear.  Because here's the Mike Love story.  I didn't know this part of it.  That Mike, this is the circumstances  in which he joins the Beach Boys.  He's 19 years old.  He was kind of like a track star in high school.  He was sort of popular.  Got a lot of girls, got a lot of California girls.  Kind of a guy who peaked in high school.  And you always gotta watch it.  If you know how to do high school really well,  there's always the potential for the bad aftermath.  And he hit the bad aftermath so quickly.  He didn't get good grades, so he's not going to college.  He's working at his dad's sheet metal facility by day.  He's pumping gas at night.  He's barely making enough money to support himself.  Then he fucks up and gets his girlfriend pregnant.  And they hatch a plan to go to Tijuana and take care of it.  And then the parents find out about it.  And they say, absolutely not.  You're getting married, you're doing the right thing.  And then his parents go apeshit  and they kick him out of the house.  They throw all his stuff out on the lawn.  You are gone.  So he has to move to a crappy apartment in Baldwin Park  where Baldwin Hills is one of the Baldwin's.  And where he is just like, he's fucked.  His life is, he's 19.  He has a kid he didn't intend on having.  Barely making money for himself, let alone his wife.  Then his parents lose the sheet metal,  love sheet metal, goes belly up.  So he doesn't have a job either.  This guy, like the gay prom king,  everything's great for old Mike at 18, 19, it's all over.  That head's nowhere good for this guy.  But his cousins like to harmonize.  They sit around the piano and they sound real nice.  And he's like, hey, maybe we could make something out of it.  Hey, you know what's big right now is surfing.  Maybe we could do something about that.  So maybe the whole thing does not happen  without his hustle.  Which, as I say it, this guy who's just kind of like,  fueling things with his sheer will, who will not let go,  who's propping up a little corporation  and will never take no for an answer,  just blindly heading for it.  Is this not a guy?  Is Mike Love not a musical guy?  Yeah, absolutely.  I believe so, I think so.  I don't say that lightly.  I don't wanna just invite everybody into the guy fold.  But I submit on this day that Mike Love is a guy.  Yeah, for sure.  I think eccentric, often eccentric with too much money  and a lot of power.  I think Mike Love pretty easily falls into our definition.  Eccentric, though, seems fun to me.  Mike Love does not seem fun.  I know it's not the definition of fun.  I think I say it as just a substitute for weirdo.  No, you're right.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You're using the definition correctly.  I just said my brain eccentric always means.  There's a tilt of that that's like Richard Branson.  We're like, oh wow, he's flying around,  he's on a boat, he's going to space.  But yeah, no, Mike Love's more like Leno,  where he's like all business.  He's so much like Leno, where we're doing 160 concerts  a year, we're doing the same thing at all of them.  We do not, we don't mess it up, we don't take risks.  I was gonna say, is it all same set lists, probably?  I think so, I think so.  Did you know there's a competition  for Jay Leno's Garage Now on Macs  about Robert Downey Jr. turning a bunch of his cars  into electric cars? Oh, that's right, yeah.  What's that called?  Is it called just like Robert likes cars?  Downey's Motors or something like Downey's?  Downey's Dream Cars.  Yeah, Downey's Dream Cars.  Yeah, I texted you about that.  I had only just seen the commercial race.  I feel like I read about it and now I saw the commercial.  Then what's Macs worried about?  Yeah, Macs is saved.  Everything's looking up, everything's looking golden  for Macs.  But yeah, that's the thing, because he like,  think about where you're coming from.  I think when you, when you're,  who was almost all over for you at 19?  And then in like, what if that was it?  What if high school was the peak?  Then he gets to do super high school.  He does quantum high school.  It's unbelievable.  He's like the, he's like, you know,  he's the prom king of rock and roll.  And he's touring the, he's like, you know,  he's on top of the world.  They're having so many hits, like even some of it,  pre-Beatles, they might be the biggest band in the world  out of nowhere within two years.  He's touring the country.  He's getting married so many times.  Boy, the amount of times this guy got married  and had kid pop kids out.  So he's like, I got the ultimate second chance in the world.  I can never let go of this.  So when Brian Wilson starts messing around  with his like, thinky songs and his feely songs  and his sensitive songs, he's like, Brian, be careful.  I'm not going back to the sheet metal place.  There is no sheet metal place.  Don't fuck with the formula.  And he basically like, he, I mean, one of many things  that drove Brian insane, slow, like that caused this true  big meltdown for him.  But absolutely what he did was stop the creative evolution  of Brian and of the band because he was upset  because we are no longer singing about surf and sand.  And that's what it's about when you're me.  It's surf and sand.  And if I'm not singing about surf and sand,  170 dates a year, then there isn't,  then somebody is gonna make me go back  to the sheet metal factory.  Yeah, he wanted to embalm the Beach Boys back then.  Yeah, absolutely.  He just was like, we need to preserve the exact thing  this is and just do it until I die.  Yeah, he knew, he had the plan.  And everybody having these ideas just got in the way.  And like, what do you mean?  If we're doing all these songs that involve a theremin  and a French horn, we can't do that when we go out live  and do our songs about surf and sand.  That's gonna be too complicated.  It's gonna chase all the babes away.  The babes are gonna go run into some of the, you know,  to the Woodstock bands.  So he's been operating on it, which is why for so many years  it's been all these songs that are about like,  we gotta get back to what it was.  Come on, let's remember all those good,  remember when we were singing about surf and sand?  Yeah, yeah.  He's done so many iterations of this,  which I'll play a little bit here.  And you clocked a couple years ago,  you clocked that Rivers Cuomo had written  Back to the Shack, a song about stop trying to write  so many modern pop songs.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  And the fact that it's a song about us, the characters,  in the band, it's something.  He said, I'll play the lead guitar  and Pat will play the drums,  because he had Josh Freeze playing drums.  So very Beach Boys and them dealing with their own mythology.  He did a song called Brian's Back  that was about how, what are the lyrics of that?  That I know there's some like,  oh, good vibrations caused such a sensation,  not to mention old pet sounds.  Old pet sounds.  And we traveled the world, is the,  actually here, what I'll do, there is a video where he's on,  the song's about how Brian had his troubles,  but he got himself together and now he's back with us  and he's singing harmony with us like always.  This was before Eugene Landy.  This was before he had like the,  some of the biggest psychological troubles  of any popular artist or person, maybe,  and he's ready to clear, no, we're getting back to it,  to the harmony, because Brian's back, baby.  And he's not even close to being back.  So years later, when he's mired in this,  like the family can't even talk to him anymore,  he's got all these like guards,  if anybody tries to get a hold of him.  Like he's so under the control of this insane psychiatrist  that a current affair comes to talk to Mike Love.  And he says, like, I think I could sum up my feelings  in my song Brian's back.  And then he says these lyrics through tears.  He is broken.  Oh my God.  As he says, good vibrations caused such a sensation,  not to mention old pet sounds.  As we, and we traveled the world,  is the banner's unfurled, and he's weeping.  Is he jet crying or like kind of forcing it?  Well, I don't know, because then it goes like this,  is the banner's unfurled?  I guess you'd have to say we got around.  Oh, that sounds fake.  Yeah, then he got it back together.  Like, and then you're watching this,  like we're talking about one crazy beach boy  with maybe the crazier beach boy.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Everyone's so insane in this group.  What year was that?  Like 93, 94.  Okay, so we've had a couple decades  of like rock music going through a lot of change.  Like, I was thinking like late 60s, early 70s,  bands start to get weird.  Like Pink Floyd, I'm thinking Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin.  Yes, bands like make a vast fortune  by being as weird as possible.  Yeah.  By playing into their own insane musical instincts.  And then you even get like smaller bands,  like television or Big Star or something,  also doing rock.  I'm saying there's a lot of flavors of rock music.  Are you arguing it's Mike Love and What Do You Want?  So this formula?  I'm just a little, it's just such an odd,  like we gotta get back to 30 years ago.  And it's like events have occurred.  Yeah, well he hasn't noticed that also  because never in this time do they ever stop touring.  That just like, so you're in a,  if you're singing the same songs 170 dates a year  without stopping, you don't notice that television  and Big Star have happened.  You have no idea.  Or that like, I think he's always thought  like as soon as we get our fucking shit together  and start singing about surfing sand again,  we're gonna be back on top.  But he still has to deal with like the other guys  because the other guys wanna do their thinky music,  which is the stuff I love the most,  the late 60s, early 70s stuff.  And he's like, but it's not about surfing sand.  So it's all about him like trying to like  get his power back basically.  Yeah, how does, you know how he felt  about Pacific Ocean Blue?  I have no idea.  I don't know if he's ever heard it.  I don't know if he's ever.  He's on it.  Is he really?  Yeah, he does back up on one, at least one of the songs.  That's kinda crazy.  And maybe it was Pacific Ocean Blue.  Pacific Ocean Blue, Dennis Wilson's solo album.  Yes, that's, excuse me, yes, Dennis Wilson.  Amazing.  That's one of my, and I.  Oh, you like Pacific Ocean Blue.  I love Pacific Ocean Blue.  It's really moody and weird.  And then there's one of the more fun songs  is what I believe Mike Love is on background.  It's doing like bow bow.  He's like doing a classic.  Is that the title song, Pacific Ocean Blue?  I think it is.  Is that him?  I believe.  So I'll double check  because I don't wanna get this wrong.  I don't know.  I guess my thing that I'm hung up on  is like just trying to pin down its weirdness  because like by 1990, if he has never stopped touring,  he has spent most of those years in arenas and airports  and like Hilton's.  Like, you know.  Yeah, yeah.  That's how he likes it.  So when was the last time he even stepped foot on a beach?  Oh, never.  Well, that's also, that's the whole thing about it too.  The Beach Boys don't, none of them surfed  except for Dennis.  Except for Dennis, yeah.  So they don't like, he has beachside property in Hawaii.  Oh, sure, yeah.  Besides some odd fun.  Here, Mike Love has a house in Lake Tahoe,  which we drove by when we were up there a couple years ago.  It was pointed out by a family friend.  That's where Mike Love lives.  Oh, really?  Yeah, Lake Tahoe.  Wow.  I booed it.  Mike Love is also a songwriter credit  on Pacific Ocean Blues.  The song Pacific Ocean Blues  and the album Pacific Ocean Blue.  No way.  Well, that makes me feel a little,  you know, you also can't,  it's not like he had no contributions to the thing  that he wrote lyrics that I like.  He sings parts that I like.  He's like, if he, he's not such a,  he's not like some absolutely talentless  or tasteless, you know,  but he's just always like fed into his own worst instincts.  And everything, what you're saying also about like,  you know, the television of Big Star,  he would go like, where are the hits?  When was the last time Big Star went number one?  Because he's like, I know, he's all about being number one  and that's the only measure of success to him.  Yeah, I will say that those,  it was probably harder to track those records down  when you were mostly playing like  the world's biggest Sam Goody or something for like,  for you play Kokomo and then you're ushered out the back  and you leave, you know.  Yes.  That's by the way, can I just say this?  This happens all the time  and I see this a lot in professional wrestling  where somebody says, oh my God, that match was amazing.  And then like somebody chimes in,  how much, how many t-shirts did they sell?  Kevin Asch just did this.  I like Kevin Asch in general,  but he goes, how many t-shirts did this guy sell?  And I'm like, fuck off.  Art is not, it's art, man.  It's not always about selling.  It doesn't necessarily mean,  the best movie does not always make the most money.  Well, this is where I get driven by every like state  of the industry thing always makes a point of saying like,  you know, we feel like in our bubble,  we think that succession and Barry are the biggest,  nobody watches succession and Barry.  And it's like, all right,  thanks for making everybody feel like a thousand times worse.  Like I know things are bad,  but also remember the numbers on succession aren't good.  Great, okay, well, how am I supposed to proceed  trying to make things or make shows?  That happened all the time with 30 Rock too.  Like 30 Rock, wow, 30 Rock's actually like crazy,  dense, funny show while nobody watches it.  Stop it, shut up.  Yeah, yeah, I don't care.  This cannot be the only way we judge things.  Shinyello's done and that guy has done himself  a million favors by making himself persona non grata  in Hollywood by being extremely flippant  about writing in cabins.  Well, he can write, look, I'm gonna get to watching it.  I haven't gotten to it yet.  That hasn't changed.  Sure.  But he can write a full episode in about six hours  with no staff.  He doesn't even know what a crew member is.  Let alone an actor.  He doesn't need to, yeah, he doesn't need to.  I think maybe, it kind of gave me the vibe of like,  oh, maybe Kevin Costner was right to get the hell out  of these projects.  I've heard he sucks.  I don't know, to me, I don't need a writer's room.  Maybe if you're a feeble-minded regular writer.  But when you're telling the story of America  and you're tapped into the pulse of it,  you don't need people getting flies buzzing in your ear.  That's what I call other writers.  You know, an epithetic character,  the biggest private rancher in Montana.  Oh, that's gonna be relatable, that's gonna be good.  Isn't that what he is now?  Yeah, yeah. Probably.  Mike, go back to you with Mike Love in a bubble.  To prove the point, Mark McGrath joins the Beach Boys  in the last decade, which means Mike Love saw him do  every morning somewhere at a festival,  was like, now that's a sound I can get by.  Wow, I guess the kids do still have it.  No, he's sitting back there,  thinking, wow, these people must be losing their minds  that the new hit, Fly, is being played  right before their eyes. 30-year-old song  at this point. Yeah, all these songs coming up  on 30 years and Mike's like, oh, this is cool.  Although he also very well, he's probably also  maybe standing in the back going like, this trash well,  if it gets butts in the seats.  But here's what, okay, so, you know, in the 70s,  things are all over the map.  I think the band's kind of a democracy,  and actually everybody kind of gets a chance to shine.  In the era that I love, Brian will do great songs,  Carl does incredible songs, Dennis, who knew Dennis  was just being like a pretty good drummer,  but they stopped even using him on the records.  Then he makes the best solo album of any of them by far.  So like, everybody's kind of getting a chance  to shine in this era, but Mike is like,  how do I need to get the iron grip back?  And he kind of does, he basically just wears them all down,  and by the 80s, they are just, it is just like,  constant touring and the audiences have grown,  and you can bring the new generation.  When I met him, that's what he said,  transcends generations.  It was a perfect, this is a wonderful Mike Love conversation.  I'm so happy to have it.  Basically, they're tremendously successful  through the 80s touring, but no hits.  Hits are done, they haven't been relevant in a long time.  And this leads to what is a big deal for them,  an indisputably big thing, which is them getting inducted  into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  This is January 1988, and that's a big night, right?  That's a good night, but I think Mike is there going,  they all think I'm a joke, I'm just a joke to these people,  because it's big names there, people who are  a little more relevant than the Beach Boys maybe.  That's the year that the Beatles are inducted,  and Bob Dylan, and the Supremes.  This is a stacked lineup for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  So whether or not it's true, I think he's,  I'm just a state fair joke to these people.  I have to set the record straight.  And it leads to the ultimate Mike Love moment.  I sense that you've seen this, Mike,  have you, Jason, you ever seen  the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame speech?  I don't think I have.  Okay, so this now, one of the most strangely bitter things  that's ever happened in front of an audience.  We did about 180 performances last year.  I like to see the mop tops match that.  I'd like to see Mick Jagger get out on this stage and do I get around versus jumping Jack Flash any day now  He looks skeletal and he's already like a four now a lot of people gonna go out of this room tonight thinking that Mike  Love is crazy. Well, they've been saying that for years  Ain't nothing new about that  Make clear though. I don't think unless I'm misremembering nobody shit on them during the ceremony  No  Before this was like by the way, the Beach Boys are way worse than all these other acts. No one said this  I don't believe so. I think this yes, this is a night to honor them one of the ultimate. Yeah honors  I don't know why he's taking the time and also some of these little these matchups that he's doing are not good  matchups like this this second moment of it like  Mike tread lightly maybe people kick out the jams not challenge the boss to get up on stage and jam  This is Paul Schaefer trying to play him off. Yes. Yeah, I  Want to see Billy Joel see if he can still tickle ivories. Let me see  Still I know Mick Jagger won't be here tonight. He's gonna have to stay in  But I'd like to see us in the Coliseum and he and Lemley Stadium because he's always been chicken shit to get on stage  with the Beach Boys  That is 1988  First of jumping Jack Flash is a great song and Bruce Springsteen had in any number of his  Miles ahead better live performance  No, and all the mud much better at that moment to see if Billy Joel can still tickle the ivory  He's having hits right now  Is a commercial zenith right now huge huge in the late 80s. What is a challenge the boss?  Yeah, I think he's gonna be fun challenge him to what what are you talking about? I mean if it's a beating  Somebody if somebody's gonna beat the other we know that the boss wins  But if it's just like I bet he's too scared to jam with me, I don't believe so  I think it's just a matter of getting people into the same place at the same time incredibly insecure  Well, it's the fee like I've I don't I got a better lash out at these people or I gotta go back to the sheet metal  But it's bad love sheet metal for me  It's really sad. It really is. Yeah. Yeah, he blames this on that he  Like well, of course I meditate every day  It's why I stay so peaceful his transcendental meditation and I meditate each day and that was the one day where I did not  funny interesting  Coincidence just what yeah, I guess that's what it you know  It was kind of you know, I understood when I saw Roseanne tweet that one night  It was just the one it was the pills made her do it and in my case  One lousy day of meditation and suddenly I'm calling Mick Jagger chicken shit  Not really I've heard David Lynch speak a lot about transcendental meditation  And I can't say there's like and if you miss a session you might go fucking off  audience  Do it and but not because it's nice but because you have to or you will act out like a rabid dog  If you miss one session prepare to bite your family. Yeah, this is a wrestling promo. He's cutting  Yeah, yeah, it's challenges. You're right. Yeah, he's like I am we're the top dog  It's just it's literally just to make everyone think he's the top of the Beach Boys are the best band  And of course it worked. You've course it had the intended effect the very clear  No, I see. I understand what he was asking  He was saying he'd like to see Mick Jagger do jumping jack of flesh versus I get around  Yeah, okay. So Mike wanted to do a duel between song  Well, how did that how does that work in his mind? I know that mean it's a really good question  Are you if you could?  If you could actually get him that day to unpack what he means  It would be so much better than what we even could imagine  I think we're also thinking about like the flattening of culture by the  1990s well, I assure you jumping jack flash and I get around will just play back-to-back on classic rock radio  They've landed at essentially the same place. Yeah, I don't think anybody's disparaging  I get around even made it over a hump  There was a time like in Woodstock era people that people did think the Beach Boys were a joke  They did seem like out of it to turn and then there would been a Renaissance like people, you know with American graffiti  And they had this greatest hits album that was huge  So like you should Mike you made it people like these songs will never stop getting played  Are you doing this what is the point and also and then he says  Mick Jagger he's he's not he's gonna have to stay in England Mick Jagger was there  On stage to get they actually were with Bruce at the end of the show. It kind of happened  I don't know if Mike really contributed or anything. Yeah, so I don't I don't know what he was talking about there  Here's what happens this this may be a low point for the business as close as he gets to love sheet metal  Again, because the feeling in the room is very bad  Immediately after the speech Elton John gets on stage and says thank fuck he didn't mention me  Then Bob Dylan accepts his award and also like  Like I'm just saying thank you this person this person and thanks Mike love for not mentioning me and then like does a little like  He like he says like what the night should really be about so Bob Dylan has like publicly  Scolded you in the immediate aftermath  Carl Wilson who's just what he's on stage for this and like he turns ghostly white. He's like, oh my god  It's happening the mic. We've all been afraid of is coming out. He walks by  Paul Schaefer and says our career is over  This is bad, this is as bad as it gets and remember this is January  1988 six months later something miraculous happens something called  Kokomo Mike's vision that he's always I swear if we just get back to surf and sand  It's you know, it's all gonna be going great for us again  That's why he's so mad here is because like nobody's let me do it and I can they all think I'm a and then it happened  He got everything he wanted Kokomo on the cocktail soundtrack  Having already produced the song. Don't worry be happy. That's a cocktail  Bear I didn't realize that was from that move. So people are like either what else you got cocktail soundtrack kind of anything is gonna work  Maybe thus Kokomo saw a new song that Brian Wilson had nothing to do with he was banned from even being there  So he so this finally Mike's pure perfect vision for his Beach Boys works  And it goes all the way to number one something they haven't done since good vibrations and it stays there for an entire  Week and then is immediately replaced by wild wild west for the escape club  So it's just you know a song that's kind of a hit in 1988 but to Mike love in his bubble  He's like it's everything I needed. This is pure. What is the what's the political term?  Mandate we have a mandate. I have a mandate now and it's gonna be my way or the highway forever  Man, so now he has a ticket to do all the bullshit. We're going on all the shows. We're on full house  We're on home improvement. We're on Baywatch Stamos is always here now  He's always in there assuming he's available Stamos is a Beach Boy  We will start wearing the worst clothing you've ever seen any human being north of 50 where we're gonna have the  Beach Boy cheerleaders on stage with us and then we're never gonna change the set list because that would mess up the wardrobe changes  Oh, yeah, so now the band all the other guys Carl and Al they are beaten down  They're like so we can't get like the deeper cuts in the set anymore. Fuck. We're fucked Mike one  Succession ended and Mike love was the was the winner and everything was possible for this guy including  Themed restaurants do we know about this?  Yeah, I've seen a little bit about it cuz that's cuz when I was thinking about Mike love  It's like it makes so much sense that he would have tried a margaritaville. He would have tried a Cabo Wabo  Yes, of course, and I don't remember when margaritaville started  It's like oh god. I should know the exact year, but it's it's far later than you'd think. Yeah. Yeah, is it 2000s even?  Oh god, I don't know if it's late 90s or early 2000s. Well, it's 98  99 and there is a free  Area for the where a mall is being developed in Anaheim, California of all places  This is a place that is there that did get built. It's called the stadium promenade  It's right next to the Honda Center the pond as I will always call it  Just a quick walk across of the shady river and then you're there you're at stadium bread. It's good  It's there now. It's got a Chili's and it's got a lazy dog and  The the idea before this development was built was that Mike love would build his restaurant Club Kokomo  And we're finally getting into that space  There's gonna be a Beach Boys place that you can go and he did a whole like junket and performance outside of the pond  Stamos backing him up, of course  And he announced his vision for Club Kokomo and I have a couple of clips from like a little  Interview that he did saying what it's gonna be  Different than some of the other celebrity driven kind of entertainment restaurants like dive and plan a Hollywood  We got a dive  One thing we have a celebrity chef Bradley Ogden who has contributed some great ideas Bradley Ogden  Which would be of course fine-tuning adjusting all the way  But instead of seeing just slice salons, you know jockstrap or something and you know, or the shorts he wore in Rocky you'll have  Real music and of course, we'll have merchandising as well and we'll have a kids club too, which is gonna be different  Why is he taking so many shots? I don't know  Just talk about how his restaurants gonna be good  He has to say that the he says that the food will be edible  He implies that which he's correct that the food is bad at all the places we talked about in celebrity  But I didn't realize there was this like phantom vestige of celebrity waiting here  But he shits on those restaurants and he says Stallone's jockstrap which there was some nude Stallone's kind of wearing  I don't want to say I don't want to go in there and see all those demolition man tubes those things  That's not a future I can get by  And then he and then what happens in that clip is that the interviewer whoever's doing this with him says, okay  Can you do that same answer again? But just don't say the thing about Stallone's jockstrap  So she's trying to help like can you just say something without being mean to other things and  She will find that in other questions that she asked because she asked what's hey  What's the music that you're gonna be able to hear in Club Kokomo?  Diversify we want to offer every kind of music. I want to have a series of  Types of music coming to Club Kokomo blues rock and roll, you know more middle-of-the-road stuff. Whatever  Latino stuff could be anything anything short of gangster rock gangster rap. Oh, oh good  Mike stop it  Club Kokomo  Sans gangster rep besides that we're gonna do it. It's gonna be here in Anaheim  Spoiler it was not we're gonna be we're looking at locations in Orlando and Las Vegas  Those did not happen Myrtle Beach Sydney, Australia as with everything we covered in celeb rewary  They just let's start announcing everything and then have to reel it all back because not one bit of it  So no Club Kokomo at all. Well, we're only at Anaheim for a long time. That was the case  Wasn't built in Anaheim there was never a Club Kokomo until last year  Oh, I didn't see there was not a physical location built  But Mike's name finally got used for a his line of Club Kokomo canned cocktails  How old is this guy and I think would be born you weren't you yeah, so it at 80 he's got a new product  Into the murder we're bringing the the Kokomo spirit. We're bringing it to you  It's the we're putting the beach in a can that's good  This has got to drive him nuts that Sammy Hagar and Jimmy Buffett have had so much success with so much other crap within  Tropical yes, we're exactly  Lane and he's been laid on so it's yeah  You found another thing the music thing that ship sailed he's fits been his band for a long time and all the good members  Left yeah, but this thing like shit. Okay. I got a new thing to be  I'm amazed that there's no piece of footage of him being calling taking shots at Jimmy and yeah, really  Yeah, that's interesting cuz I'm he might plain stories boring  Stop telling the story  Mike is a guy. I think a classic guy who has arguments with people in his head all day long  Yeah, yeah, and then has to like excise them when there's a microphone in front of him  He's rolling around like Mick Jagger's like just he's like having an argument Mick Jagger in his head for eight hours a day  Mike loved the like the the number one customer base for like oh  Twitter blue I can write longer posts and I'll get seen first. Oh sounds like a good investment  I can finally win every argument publicly everyone will see that I'm right. This is the okay margarita  We haven't done the full margarita episode. Oh, no, we haven't snow but  85 there was a retail store  1985 but then in 2002 is the cheeseburger and pay first cheeseburger in Paradise restaurant  So club Kogama would have beat it. Yes. Oh my god. So and then  Margaritaville, I don't unless I'm reading this wrong. There wasn't a true margaritaville until 2012  Wow, that is much later than you expect. Wait. No, that can't be right. I'm universal CityWalk in Orlando  Oh, yeah, you're right. No, you're right. Then why am I I'm miss reading this then? Hmm  What year was that margaritaville if I'm remembering right and it opened with the Orlando CityWalk, that's  Earlier, right? Yeah, did it? Hmm. Are you sure we're gonna have to look at this?  We're gonna have to find this you stole my idea  You you probably got the funding pulled for Club Kokemo Jimmy because you wanted to steal it because you've always been to chicken shit  To think of your own idea for a tropical casual restaurant  I  Always been there chicken shit to rule out the genre of rap music at said establishment  The scariest thing in the boomers  History, it's the USSR and it's the the phrase gangster rap music, which they don't know what that entails  No, no, no, he's never again  He's like caught it on a TV in the airport on the way to something else. That's another fun  Love thing years later a story that nobody had ever heard. He suddenly started saying, you know  I gave the Beatles the idea for back in the USSR  When you think about it, it's kind of a best thing  You should do a song about all the girls in the Ukraine girls really and and people who were around at the time  We're like he made that up  Never I know the Beatles and the Beach Boys. That is not true  But when I was meditating with them, you see when we were with the Maharishi, I gave them that song idea  It's a very  Trumpian to just make up and like see if anyone will take you to task. He's probably not he also  Claims that he's levitated the song  Kokomo has the line  What is the line?  Defy a little gravity. He thinks that he's and an interviewer said and have you done that? Yes  Well through meditation you can fly and yeah, I've done it and then he kind of moved on to the next thing before  Questions could be asked. So yes, he thinks he wrote the Beatles song and he thinks he can fly  Wow, that's probably why he likes this like I like the Sugar Ray song. That is that's it  Flying flying up in there. This guy wants to fly I have  It's still a way you can look better than him this guy  I'll get this idiot out to look like a fool doing a song about flying without actually flying  I wanted I very much wanted to have Club Kokomo cocktails here, but they're very hard to get  Like it was a big like for us. I think in San Diego  You could find them in a lot of stores, but harder and all the they're all named after lines from Kokomo  So like afternoon delight and mystique and then also  excitation  so  oh and then  Excitation specific excited. These are all rum drinks, but then excitation is a gin and wait a gin and juice  And this is on the official website for Club Kokomo  We might be big fans of the song Kokomo, but we lean into some gin and juice on this track shout out to you know who  Well, how do we feel about gangster rap?  We've changed our tune now that there's money to be made. Yeah, really?  What is the point of all this? Where am I heading with all of this? And I apologize. It's been a long time, but the  What I why it is like a fascination to me and not just a band that I like is all of these characters and and  They've left behind this bizarre musical legacy that is two bands at once one that has made music  That has moved me so much or that I've just enjoyed so much and then another one that is this like canned cocktail promoter  You know, that's let's collabing with Mark McGrath and low cash and I'm I just always think like how could these how could this be?  The same people how could these people all the way like this the same group of people made some of the most beautiful music  And some of the weirdest most like sell out trash that doesn't sell out besides Kokomo  Right the only time because it certainly there are successful touring egg  But none of Mike's other plans have worked out that well, right like the restaurant  I don't think you guys haven't heard of Club Kokomo cocktails before I have not know  Something I should know still trying to get the track down that John Taffer brown butter  bourbon  Yeah  Full of states it sounds so bad. We gotta do but bar rescue will be all of our birthday. Maybe we celebrate the podcast  Shot well, he was just on Tron at Florida  Cycle with John Taffer episode I just really I'd like to see the side view on that is what I want to see  See that strange but that t-rex body is a big man  Into that odd ride vehicle that's an email I could send and we could get maybe Tron light cycle with John Taffer  Half the audience is psyched and the other half  Okay guys  Could you blame us if you were in our position would you do it too if they look at the emails returned  Which I suspect it will be I don't know why I just feel like maybe that's not as tough as some of the other people  We discussed please give it a go. We got to give that a go  So here's where I've been heading with all this  I'm going to just really display the duality of the Beach Boys  Which is what I love about them by playing some of the craziest songs that they ever made  You know varying degree they're not all necessarily like the worst songs they ever made right there definitely hall  Very odd and  and just to  Provide a counter to that. I'm going to suggest a chaser  If you want to listen to these and these crazy songs, I have paired them all  Just like Club Coco mocan cocktails with one that I genuinely love and that I think is the flip side  Okay of the band. I'm not gonna play those. I'm just gonna suggest them  Because I think it's it's more fun to play the the insane ones  And I think this will this will give you a full picture of the band and hopefully  Hopefully the the good songs are ones that maybe you don't know and  I'm so curious if you guys if you Michael Jason have come across any of these, okay?  So when people tell me they don't like the bird  They want to make fun of my love of the Beach Boys Coco mo is what's always wielded against me  That's always the weapon that's brought out and I always think okay  you have brought a butter knife to a sword fight because  You your coca mo is what you're using you have no idea how bad it gets things get so insane in this discography  And even within like songs for movies  The be the coca mo is not the worst  They did so this was like a way they were trying to cash grab for a little while  They did a song in lethal weapon 2 they did a song in troop Beverly Hills  There was of course John Stamos is forever used in many forms on full house and later  Fuller house and they're still doing it with him  This is the one that I want to play it is the title song to a film that we all remember from  1990 and I will let the song introduce itself  So I know.  And that's that. Problem Child.  Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna play this one more line.  That sums up the vibe of the movie.  Soon he'll be a king of hearts.  Soon, yeah, he's a problem child now, but we all know soon he's gonna be a king of hearts.  What does that mean?  That he's, you know, he's an angry little dude, but soon he'll be dating.  So soon he's gonna be a handsome gentleman.  Wait, actually, the next line kind of explains it.  Thank you next door, my turn into a world of lies.  That girl next door made us up.  She wanted to beat us out.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just wanted to provide the context.  Yeah, Jason asked for it.  I did ask for it.  You asked for it.  I did ask.  Okay, okay.  The cool rock and roller speculating about the future attractiveness of children.  Yeah, it's a song about a mischievous child in a movie and asserting that soon he will be dating.  A heartbreaker.  And getting it on with girls who will, look, they're gonna grow up.  Let's be clear, everybody's growing up in this scenario.  Sure, yeah, yeah.  We're gonna have a king of hearts and a work of art.  Yeah.  For a band that has a lot of great melodies, this is one of the shittiest nothing melodies.  And do you not like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.  That's at least something.  Yeah, that I kind of get.  It is something.  It is something like the da-da-da-da-da-da, that little guitar thing that flourished at the end of a line.  That's something.  I sort of like, again, this is where I like Carl singing no matter what.  And so I do, even if it's something as inane as calling them the problem child, the king of hearts.  He's also, okay, also full content.  This is what the listener is not seeing.  I'm playing the music video for you guys in which there is a Beach Boys recording session in progress that is being mucked up by the infamous problem child,  which is causing much grief for the Beach Boys themselves and also for the producer of the session, Gilbert Godfrey.  It's great. I do love that. You can't be mad at that.  You'll see him around in this clip.  But here's one more. This is the bridge where things get a little, maybe see if this does it for you melodically, Mike.  Then, due to the problem of child's hijinks, a bunch of soap blows out of Mike Love's microphone.  His saxophone.  His saxophone, sorry.  He goes for his big saxophone solo, and then instead a bunch of suds come out.  Yeah, but it sounds great anyway.  It still works.  The suds don't really get in the way, it just kind of makes him look less cool.  This is another Mike Love myth, is that he can play the saxophone.  This is not true.  There was a point in the band's history where they would give him ones, he could do this solo.  Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum.  That is a two note solo.  So I don't think he's playing on the problem child track.  Was that also a universal tram tour?  That was a universal tram at the beginning, isn't that strange?  A limo driver hands him an ice cream cone so he can throw it at a nun's head while she's on the studio tour.  Thank you for not forgetting to narrate that part of it.  It's pretty good.  These are the flavors you're going to get if you see problem child in theaters.  Now this is post-Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction.  This is post-Cocum and now they're in demand.  Movies are throwing themselves at the Beach Boys.  Please do another timeless classic with a great melody and then they turn in.  Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.  Isn't there a pink song that's like, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.  Why we're going to start a fight.  Yeah, that's similar to that.  My impression was always if you got in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, you were either going to coast after that or you were on your way to coasting, including making movie tie-in songs.  But it seems like he is so insecure he needs to keep doing endeavors.  Oh, absolutely.  I mean, look at that.  It's canned cocktails and restaurants and weird.  You know, remember they put out an album that was just they've done so many things.  They're just like rerecording the old songs and it's like the Beach Boys tribute to NASCAR.  It's a bad picture of them, like everybody back to back with like a checkered flag.  Just whatever, whatever we can do.  Must keep move.  Must keep promoting.  Meanwhile, like Willie Nelson and Bob Dylan, who I would consider elder statesman, still putting out new albums, still touring pretty regularly.  And I feel like do a lot less talking shit, like a lot more weird stuff and maybe seem like happier, maybe see more content and like they don't have just constant access to grind.  Willie. Yes. Bob. Happy. I don't know.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can't really determine his happiness.  Different flavor of eccentric for sure.  Sure. I just wish he had crammed something about the beach in this song.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  That's what I was hoping like when because I've seen this before.  But like with problems, I just wish it was like when he can you get older, you'll put your little tiny toes in the sand.  Your toes are small now, but they will be so, so big.  Maybe a long board.  Be careful. You might get bit by a crab.  Yeah, yeah, just something to keep the brand in the song as well.  Yeah, I like that the the the bridge is also about like, and then you're going to have a wife and children.  It's all about imagining the future of the problem child.  The movie does not make any efforts to do unlike Clifford, which is all a base narrated by an old Clifford.  Yeah, I know. It's a missed the point.  It's nice to have the full picture. I think my chaser for that one is the song Feel Flows.  That's a much better use of Carl Wilson's gorgeous vocals.  Really wonderful evocative song from which was that on surf's up, I think, and a much better soundtrack song as used in almost famous.  If you can believe that it tops problem child.  The reason why I said craziest and not worst songs is because of this one.  I don't know if you would necessarily call it a bad song per se, but it's definitely very strange that it exists.  And by the way, I don't want to blame Mike Love for all these songs.  What you're about to hear is 100 percent Brian Wilson.  It's maybe from an era where he was not, you know, grappling with like the the greater themes of growing up and love.  He was more like looking at something.  But he was in the state in his bed for three years as tributed in the Barenaked Lady song.  So he's probably getting a lot of ideas from things, you know, in the window or in the bathroom or in this case, I would say, on the TV.  I love to see in Jason's eyes drop on this.  That's good, that gives you the gist of it.  Feel free to weigh in, Jon.  What is he saying?  Johnny concert?  Johnny Carson?  Johnny Carson.  Johnny Carson, okay.  For a second I thought he was saying Johnny concert  then I thought he was saying Johnny Cochran.  Just cause you said it out with someone on TV.  What year?  This is 77.  So yeah, I don't know.  He must have been watching The Tonight Show  and like, hey, I have an idea now.  There's a weird, simple, plunky song  about Johnny Carson and Ed McMahon comes on  and there's a really odd posit later in the song  where he says, the network makes him break his back.  Cause he had a bad back, did he?  I think.  I mean, I view it as metaphorical as like,  day in, day out, this guy's grinding out the con.  Just an odd perspective.  I think of Johnny Carson as kind of like,  having it all, leaves it to guest hosts whenever he wants.  I think of Johnny as a miserable guy  who had a lot of issues and was angry  and was on TV a lot.  Maybe I'm making up the back thing,  but he had some troubles.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Here's what I'll say about this.  I like the sound of this, but it is,  the way in which it's being sung is unpleasant.  Well, this is from an album that I love  called The Beach Boys Love You.  And in terms of, you know, the Beach Boys,  as Mike Love said to me,  the Beach Boys transcend generations.  And here's what's happening with,  I actually really like the sound of this album.  It's got this, it's got this Moog base on everything  that's really distinct.  Yeah, yeah.  That's what you're talking about?  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  And that's kind of on every song.  And there is a song that I never cared for too much,  but I liked it.  I liked it enough to put it on one day in the car,  a song called Honking Down the Highway.  And the song goes honk, honk, honking down the highway.  And then the lyric honking down the gosh darn highway.  This is again a song I like,  has the lyric honking down the gosh darn highway.  Yeah.  I just was like, I feel like here in this song,  and I look back and my son is transfixed.  Wow.  This was months ago.  We have to sing and play Honking Down the Highway  for him every day at this point.  He asks if we're in the car, he asks for it.  If he's having trouble sleeping,  we come in and sing it to him.  Okay.  Honking Down the Highway, a not popular Beach Boys song,  sung by true neutral Al Jardine.  And we've taught my son the name Al Jardine,  and he'll get a little guitar out,  and he will say, I'm Al Jardine.  Are you Al Jardine too?  Yes, son, we're all Al Jardines.  Oh wow.  This has been a delight for me,  but I of course am afraid of the sins of the father.  It's gonna do the same thing,  him liking the Beach Boys at an early age  will do the same thing it did for me,  where you were first unrelatable in elementary school,  and then years later doing very long podcast episodes  where you have to get all this out of your brain,  because if it stays in there, you don't know what'll happen.  I'll end up having to work at a sheet metal place.  So that's the flip side of the,  but maybe that's my flip side for this one,  and it is Honkin' Down the Highway.  Although what I was going to say is this song,  do you know the song Till I Die, Mike?  I don't know, not off the top of my head.  Till I Die is also from the Surf's Up album,  and okay, if this is Brian Wilson singing  about something that is just on in front of him,  years before he does the song about insignificance  and impermanence and death that is so haunting,  and just everything that he's great at,  and everything that makes the Beach Boys  not a novelty band.  So I think that's a good pairing for that one,  a song with a reference to Ed McMahon in it.  And I hope you like pop culture references,  because that's what we're gonna get in this next song.  Mike's quest for songs about surf and sand,  it eventually brought him to a point where he realized,  all right, well if the band isn't gonna go my way,  I guess I'm gonna have to go solo.  And he put out his first solo album of a few,  I have the vinyl of it right here,  it is called Looking Back with Love.  And here he is on a pier at sunset,  and he's wearing a shiny jacket and an LA Dodgers hat.  And it's again, it's all looking back,  it's always about, we just gotta get back  to things were simple once.  Making things great again.  Yeah, I just like to go around the country with my hat,  and have a bunch of people all,  get into an unorganized group and yell,  and we can all agree that things used to be  a little bit better in this country of ours.  He is like the less funny version of that Simpson's joke  of the 60s ended the day we sold our van,  December 31st, 1969.  That's a good joke.  I don't remember that joke.  This really, this sums up, I don't think,  I think not just the Mike Love sensibility,  but also like, I was gonna say boomer,  but that's not right, because he's older.  It's the greatest generation.  But I think some boomerism fits into this too,  because here is the perspective of this song.  Boy, the past was really nuts.  You know, the past 10 years ago.  And I'm so glad that it's over.  I'm glad that history is over,  so now we can all just chill out  and remember all the stuff that happened,  and is done with, thank God,  and look forward to a future with no more history in it.  That is what the song, the title track,  Looking Back With Love is.  And yeah, it's just him reflecting,  being the ultimate voice on the 60s,  the perfect guy to sum up the 60s,  via a total ripoff of what a fool believes  four years too late.  And by the way, he didn't produce the video  I'm gonna play with it for you guys,  but it's gonna help kinda conjure some of his,  the imagery of the song, which is very potent.  It was the best of times, the worst of times.  Oh, God!  An age of reason with a rage for rhyme.  Sound and fury, sounds of silence.  Christ the peace amidst the violence.  Black and white issues and desegregation.  Fear and loathing in the woods, dockation.  Stormy seas and sunny skies above.  And now we're looking back.  Looking back with love.  Looking back.  Looking back with love.  Good vibrations, assassinations.  And then JFK in a flag draped coffin.  Oh my God.  Good vibrations, assassinations.  The next lyric is losing leaders never knowing why.  Nobody ever knew, we never knew why any of it happened.  Nobody ever looked into it.  It just happened and it was weird.  But now we're looking back with love.  Looking back with love? What?  Yes, the lyrics before included like racial strife.  Yeah.  Desegregation.  I first gasped like yelled because it was footage of people being sprayed by fire hose.  Again, not his fault.  But the person maybe making this video.  Yeah, and then there was numerous marches.  And then battle footage from Vietnam.  Well, now Mike's fault again.  Again, I should have confused it by should have.  But it is lyrically what he is.  But that's what he's talking about.  He's just saying like man, that was crazy.  That's a crazy time.  Why?  Anyway, I'm looking back fondly.  Looking back with love.  And when you look at the cover, do this where he's like, he's looking at us like, hey, member, are you ready to look back with love with me?  Lean in it, boy, things have been crazy.  Thank God we're in the 80s where no more, nothing will happen.  It's all smooth sailing.  Isn't the lyric in that like sunny skies above?  And that's it.  We all know we're in the sunny skies now.  He was right.  Everything's been rosy.  This is no more perfect example of the conservative older male mindset of like, man, you know what?  All that stuff.  Glad that was in the past.  Everything's perfect now.  I'm not going to worry about anything other than my 401k being OK from now on.  Things were rough.  We had a couple problems to solve.  One was desegregation.  We fixed racial strife and we fixed Vietnam.  And we also had to fix people being bored and having nothing to tap their toe to.  So we fixed that with good vibrations.  Unfortunately, there were battle stations and assassinations.  But ultimately, we, the white people mainly, fixed it.  And now we get to look back at the wonderful things we did.  Here's some shots of John Lennon and Bob Dylan and Simon Garfunkel and I think Harry Nielsen.  That's the other that he, because he loves the good vibrate.  He's done so many songs where he quotes good vibrations and now he's doing it with other songs.  We're doing the sounds of silence.  Let me try to find later.  Because then he starts just like playing other songs within this.  So full of sounds from the Motor City.  Californics burns out, you're looking pretty.  Two girls for it.  Not your song.  Brian wrote it.  British invasion with a Mersey Beat.  He's really hung up on the phrase mop tops, which is funny, which is just like what old people-  Mop top merseys.  Old people called them that in the first few years.  But he's showing older Beatles.  He's not showing the video.  The video is so weird.  I knew I was struggling with this.  Should I show the video or not?  It's not part of that.  We have to keep it separate.  There's still many things to go over.  Yeah, referencing your own songs.  The other guy that bands songs.  Yes, he didn't do it.  I can do this one from memory.  Their song, Summer in Paradise.  Way back when, when our master plan was having fun, fun, fun as America's band.  Then we came out rocking with Barbara and Rhonda and Barbara and singing a surfing sand.  He's done so many of these tortured lyrics.  How can we possibly fit?  I should try to do more.  Can I fit 25 Beach Boys songs?  You should write one for him and submit it.  I should try to do a modern Beach Boys.  That's a good idea.  We've talked about writing Ringo songs.  Writing in the character of Mike would be great.  By the way, he didn't write these lyrics also on top of that.  He went solo and then got his manager to write the lyrics.  His manager wrote this.  That's so great.  It's so funny because it also speaks to,  he didn't write these, but he's a man who has no real life experience in the last 30 to 40 years.  He's on the road.  He's in his bubble.  All that desegregation before the 60s start getting really crazy.  He's a rock star at the beginning of it and he's like 20.  He's not lived real life.  All of his experiences are trying to get back to the first few years of the Beach Boys when  he was closest to being a human being.  I am doing the in the 1980s doing like we got to get back to the fun, fun 60s.  God knows what state his brain is in now.  40 years later.  Well, he probably looks at, well, Trump fixed it.  So now we're back.  We finally did it.  It's everything I was saying with looking back with love and now Trump helps us look back at love.  But unfortunately now I'm mad at all the, he did it all and Biden undid it  in the first month.  So now we got to, now we got to fix Biden so we can look back with love at how we.  Right.  It's totally.  Coked up sons with doing conspiracies.  Coco Mo and coke up sons.  My mutual fund gained $2,200.  Mutual fund.  My mutual fund gained $2,200 and then it lost $1,800.  We gotta do something.  I do not care for coked up sons.  And then instead of Aruba, Jamaica, it's all just names of jails that Hunter could go to  and should go to.  Yeah, that's that.  I also want to shout out the lyric, hungry hawks and a peaceful dove.  So the hungry hawks were what?  The hungry hawks were like the cops with the hoses.  And then a peaceful dove is him.  It's him now.  Yeah, he's a peaceful guy.  Offering a branch.  Hey everybody, we at least we're all friends now.  Nothing will ever happen again.  If that is the worst beach boys solo song, I would ask people to listen to the best beach  boys solo song, Dennis Wilson's river song.  You know that one, Mike, if you know.  I fucking love river song.  That is like, it also, it doesn't sound like the beach boys at all.  That has like production.  Stomp.  It's good musicianship, big, powerful, coral groups.  I fucking love that song.  Jason, I think you should blaze a big fat blunt tonight and listen to Pacific Ocean  Blue.  That's one of those songs.  I wish I was good with weed because I go with this album.  I scaled back a lot, Mike.  You did?  Yeah, I have.  Come on.  Sorry.  But that's your identity on the show.  People are going to be so crushed.  That's your sort of beach.  That's my gimmick.  That's my white wine.  Yeah, that's your surf and sand.  That's my white and nasty blue.  We need to get back, man.  We need to get back.  When you're blazing up a big fat blunt.  Remember the days when Jason smoked the blunt.  Yeah, that's what we need.  Five fuss a week he was having fun.  Got to get back to having blunt, blunt, blunt in the summer sun.  Oh, man.  OK, well, you'll have to forge, I guess, a new identity on the show.  Yeah, what are we going to do?  I'm the cute one.  Oh, yeah, I guess.  I don't know.  Well, Jason's identity for a long time has been paying himself his own compliments.  That's true.  So you just played into that.  You just did a gesture.  You did little circles around your cheeks.  I did the dimples.  As if you're drawing Cupie Pie, like rosies on your face.  Like you're a Raggedy Ann, a Raggedy Andy.  My favorite.  Yeah, we all could do to be kinder to ourselves.  Show yourself some self-love and dress up like Raggedy Andy today.  Take some pictures.  Feel yourself.  I did someone posted on our Facebook group.  I have to make it to that Disneyland auction exhibit in Burbank.  There is a little sailor suit, cowboy suit kind of thing that says Jason stitched on the back.  It says Jason?  What are you talking about?  You got to buy this.  I got to bid.  That's crazy.  I got to bid.  I got to try to get the little outfit and get the Choco Menu.  You need to take it alone.  Moving on to Crazy Song number four.  Now we take you to 1992.  This is still within the atomic bomb blast of Kokomo.  Mike has full power.  Never has he been so powerful.  He is finally able to do for the first time what he's always wanted to do,  which is his vision of a Beach Boys album.  And in a post Kokomo era, that means an entire album that sounds like Kokomo,  which creates this album called Summer in Paradise.  Would you like to hear 12 songs that are all completely the flavor of Kokomo?  Are you ready for that?  And that you have no nostalgia for?  No, that you have not heard Kermit the Frog sing.  Yeah.  There's no weird way to route your feeling.  You didn't hear it as a baby.  If you're hearing this for the first time,  you potentially are in for some trouble with Summer in Paradise.  Weird fact about this album, it's the first album ever fully done in Pro Tools.  Really?  Yes.  The Beach Boys, Mike Love was an innovator in this regard.  However, it being probably a weird primitive Pro Tools  might be why this album sounds like absolute shit.  If you would like to hear the album, go to Spotify, type in Summer in Paradise,  then notice that nothing can be found and realize that you have to go to YouTube  and that is the only place to experience this album.  Nobody has ever saved it.  There's a YouTube user, Todd in the Shadows, who did a review of this album that's really funny.  And he pointed out how you can go find every take the Beach Boys ever did of early music  from 1961, songs you've never heard.  Here's take 15, here's take 16.  That's all on Spotify.  And yet this is an entire album that cannot be found.  This is the album with Forever on it.  This is what they were pushing.  And a poster for this album remained in the background on Full House for many years  when of course Joey and Jesse were the rush hour renegades.  When they were drive time radio DJs who mostly had 1960s celebrities on like Barry Williams.  Very high radio ratings in the early 90s in a post-Grunge world.  The cover of this album looks really like the Rainforest fundraiser t-shirts.  It looks a lot like the shirt you were wearing in those photos from Kings Dominion.  Yeah, yeah, very much so.  No, very like airbr- you could like, you're in Hawaii and you go to an art gallery that's  all stuff like that and you look around and like, oh kind of cool, how much do these cost?  $30,000?  Absolutely not.  And just to clarify, the Beach Boys are not like Garth Brooks where like none of their music is on  Spotify.  Most of their music is on the streaming services.  Every possible bit of it.  You talk about Smile, the not really completed Brian Wilson's masterpiece.  They kind of did it, the one that you had, but like really were relying on like the tapes and  the were just the raw takes that you can find every bit of that on Spotify and yet Summer in  Paradise impossible to find.  I'm going to I'm also going to quote this user Todd in the shadows when he breaks down the two  types of songs that are on this album.  His phrasing is you get shit covers and shit Kokomos.  This is exactly right.  There is an un-listenable cover of Under the Boardwalk.  Oh I've heard that I think.  They kind of were doing this for a little while.  They would do it live and it had new lyrics for no reason.  I think I could punch this up.  Run it through the love pass.  The nadir of the album and perhaps the entire career of the Beach Boys may be an infamous song  called Summer of Love.  You ever heard Summer of Love?  I think I believe I have.  Summer of Love is this is really something I might as well say the context the fact that I  know our friend Doug Jones is very fond of that as pitched as written this song was meant to be a  duet with Bart Simpson.  That is what Mike Love envisioned this to be.  The Simpsons in the early 90s the Simpsons said no no no this is not up to the high water mark of  Do the Bart Man.  We will not have Bart perform on Summer of Love.  So he was left to do it on his own.  I'm going to play this is not only did they put the song on the album this was the entire song the  full song was the cold open of an episode of Baywatch an episode in which the Beach Boys later go  on to act and have scenes with David Hasselhoff.  So you know I'm very fond of this but this is the song here it is Summer of Love.  I can't wait to summer cause it's gonna be a Summer of Love.  Hey now well it's a love thing.  I'm gonna stop it already Jason that was quite a reaction just to the start.  I'm loving your glares.  It sounds like a parody of the Beach Boys.  Yeah it sounds like a parody of the Beach Boys and also audio filters in general.  A parody of the idea of running anything through a filter of drum machines.  We got scratches we got record scratches.  Every trick that is available at this point in time is on this record.  I just feel like it seems like they got shafted they got screwed out of money a couple times here  and there feels like by 1992 they would have been back on short footing.  I think they are they absolutely are they had a big hit so the tours are making even  more money than they always have.  Mike got married and stayed with that wife from that point on so no more new alimony's  although he ended up with like five.  I mean yeah he might have a lot of alimony's that might be slightly more practical explanation.  I guess I just what kind of bumps for me with a lot of these is that like they are retreading  so many of the same top but such a narrow like somehow Jimmy Buffett has a million albums  but does seem to find new like oh I haven't ran Balcon shells in a while you know like finds new  takes.  It's in the same zone but you're saying it's maybe a new topic in the zone.  Yes no no no he Mike wants to say the same five words how many times can I fit good vibrations  into a new song you'll hear a familiar one in a second a word that is also the name of one of the  club Kokomo drinks and wait did I fully clarify that this is a rap song you haven't said that  you haven't set that up for it.  Okay okay.  Now that you know a rap song.  If you're a girl appreciates her recreation why don't you let me take you on a love vacation.  Yeah I'll take you to the movies but I'm a fool.  First I'll get you on the beach or in the swimming pool.  Doing up to others is the golden rule.  But doing up with you would be so very cool.  Girls are always ready for a summer of love.  Goin' out and lookin' for miles are always ready.  Girls are always ready for a summer of love.  Goin' out and lookin' for miles are always ready.  I can't wait to do something because it's gonna be a summer of love.  Hey now.  Well it's a love thing.  Alright alright much to unpack here.  I think anytime there's gotta be songs that use it well but I feel like it's occasionally an  indicator of like oh no they're in trouble if they're honing in on the word excitation.  Excitation well that's what again it's good.  Good Vibrations was at some point in time before it became the pop song that we know  Brian was he recorded it over the course of six months like this it was a mess they were  making Mike record part after part after part he freaked out it's in the movie like I can't  I'm sick of this I can't do it and he was like we have to bring this back to be like a good  listenable song with a chorus and then he thought of it and it's I'm picking up Good Vibrations  she's giving me excitations and that's Mike's doing and I love Good Vibrations.  I love Good Vibrations and it's very quick the excitation.  As opposed to saying excitation over and over in songs over the years and naming a  rum drink after it.  I guess I really didn't consider that oh the one guy from the Beach Boys is haunted  but by his own memories like he's haunted by his own success yeah and I guess I've just never  really processed that before.  Let me mention the movie Kids in the Hall Brain Candy where the cure for depression ends up being  your happiest moment is reliving is that you're playing it over and over again and you get stuck  in it but then you get too stuck in it and everybody ends up in like a weird coma forever.  That is Mike Love he willingly did it to except he's still popping the pills.  I'm trying to think is there anyone else in popular music and when I say popular music I  think it's like he's trying to just relive the past in everything he does.  To this degree?  I don't think so.  I don't think so yeah there's the you know there's the Rolling Stones saying let's take  it back to basics and we're just gonna jam in a garage again but that is not the same as like  hey but like doing it with you and on the beach and he like he's 50 he is 50 years old doing this  Let me take you on a love vacation.  Who? What? Girl? What? Woman?  And then by the way here's the full context is that the music video which is made by the Baywatch  crew this is in an episode of Baywatch he's surrounded by Baywatch babes none of the ones  we know you're not seeing Pam or Yasmeen in there it's a bunch of generic ones in the red suits  and the rest of the band everybody came along for this including Brian.  Brian's back again he's in the video and he is wearing like everybody else is in kind of  beach clothes Brian is wearing black leather he is in the background of most of the shots  glaring like Jason when he heard the song like there is in the background there is a very angry  Brian Wilson doesn't understand what this is where he is why it's happening for a lot of it they hand  him a bass to play and then he's just he's playing a bass like a six-year-old would play a bass he  doesn't know what he's doing like it's like but just like we kind of like jerking it up and down  he is not but and he's sitting in a chair too and it's not like a they gave him a director's chair  like at some point in the shoot it became clear like Brian needs a chair we don't have a chair  just give him your chair give him your chair he's Brian Wilson wrote God only knows to some respect  and then of course Stamos is in there too yeah yeah doing his  Stamos plays the drums in a way that is like do you know that I'm playing the drums I know exactly  what you're talking about where he leans all the way back to most business he could ever do to play  the moves that your body does that probably prohibit you from playing the drums very well  they impede your drumming ability he's still doing it I saw a video from the Hollywood Ball  shows and he's still that's how we do it we have about like running all around and exploring the  space something that the Beach Boys can't do because they have difficulty walking because  they're in their 80s the Brian specifics are really one black leather top and bottom is not  the most comfortable at Sunrisers on the beach sunset sitting in a chair with holding a bass  which is usually longer than a guitar like bigger than a guitar it doesn't fit in the chair it's so  clunky to it's like like having a toddler on you in a plane seat oh god shit climbing on me a lot  of the clips you've shown us from the late 80s early 90s Mike Love seems to be trying out new hats  and he's really into turtlenecks which also not ideal for the beach well yeah but in this case  he's in a big jacket here but he's in Hasselhoff's he's in the official Baywatch bright red lifeguard  and he's wearing a Baywatch lifeguard hat and this all just happens and then the plot of the  episode starts like this is never mentioned again this was a hallucination basically there's no  plot meaning to this Beach Boys music video that breaks out there's also a shot where one of the  first album covers is all of them holding a surfboard together the five of them and all like  walking along so they recreate that but they are all 50 now and they are moving so slow they're  also 50 but 75 because of the way people aged back then yes true yeah yeah because like fifth  Tom Cruise I know he's an anomaly but still like well again look like people with some energy  there's a way that you can like sometimes it's cool people because cool people stay in shape and  you know pursue you know more difficult endeavor but as I said long ago the Beach Boys are not  cool they are 50 something dorks so of course they and a surfboard is heavy so it's like these five  you know what'll be cool is if these 50 year old men who have aged worse than 50 all slowly walk  with a surfboard Wilford Brimley and Cocoon is much more spry than the 50 year old Beach Boys  I'd say so he'd probably be a better rapper too for sure I that might be the gist of it but let me  it's hard for me to not play look do I get a lot of enjoyment out of Summer of Love  positive there's probably great songs of theirs I've listened to less than Summer of Love  let me just scan let me make sure I haven't missed any good creepy lines from him  I'm dreaming, they watching every day.  Just off the board in Malibu, so fit in USA.  Girls are always ready for a summer of love.  Going out and looking for love.  Girls are always ready.  Girls are always ready.  I mean, the way you've always been able to do a Mike Love impression is just as nasal as possible,  but now he sounds like he's doing an impression of himself.  Yeah, it sounds like a parrot, it's weird.  Girls are always ready.  Now it almost sounds like we're in a fish tank.  Girls are always ready.  He's so, I am struck by how old they seem.  They're just so out of it.  This was 30 years ago.  Still going, they were at the Hollywood Bowl last night.  And then, this is truly where I'm looking at.  This guy embarrassing himself in a leather jacket.  These are the people who made God Only Knows.  These are the people behind Caroline No.  This was not, and that was less than 30 years.  That was a shorter amount of time than now to this.  Which again, then Estelle, let's get back to the way, that just happened.  Anyone who was around that generation, there are ebbs and flows to the quality in the career.  Of course.  But, even, I would feel like most artists when you're talking about the early 90s, late 80s, of that caliber, of like your Paul McCartney's, you go,  you know actually, Flowers in the Dirt's a pretty good album, if you listen to it.  It might not have been so critically well received at the time, but oh, here's this and this.  The worst it gets is like Harlem Shuffle by the Rolling Stones, that's kind of an embarrassing song.  But it's still, or you know that Bowie Jagger dancing in the streets is very silly.  But it was also a hit and fun.  So all it would, most people, it's just like, well they've kind of lost their cool and it's not the Bowie of low and heroes.  But you know what, I still let, the Beach Boys, the fall is spectacular.  And it's the fall from what many people say still is the greatest album ever made.  And that's, I do find it interesting as opposed to, like of course our, your Buffett fandom and my Beach Boys fandom are close.  And a lot of the music they've made is close.  But I'm sorry, no offense, nobody has ever put a Jimmy Buffett album in the top thousand albums ever made.  Besides you.  Mm, thousand, hmm.  If you've, I dare you to find a top thousand albums list with a Jimmy Buffett album in it.  I'll take a look.  I'll take a look.  And I recognize, you might hand my ass to me.  Ice Board Code and Pink Crustacean has to be on someone's top thousand, I think.  Well, we, well, so we should define someone.  We should define what someone means.  A man of letters, a writer of some kind.  Perhaps an actual publication.  Someone had to have been paid to make the list.  David Frick didn't write a list of a thousand albums with a Jimmy Buffett?  I'm not sure.  And look, music critics are annoying, I understand.  But I'm just saying, it's not a claim you see a lot, the Jimmy Buffett.  Paul McCartney never said the Jimmy Buffett wrote the greatest song of all time.  It's like, well you know David Frick, it's like you know, 89 is Here Come The Worm Jets.  87 is, 88 is Beach House on the Moon by Jimmy Buffett.  What is the Buffett peel session like?  Yeah, how do you do with John Thiel?  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah.  But again, this is making me appreciate Jimmy more because he, just in this year, he goes like,  well, they're writing a lot of songs about seashells, I guess I should switch to pebbles, you know?  Yeah, he's, I mean, he doesn't have, it's, yeah, he hasn't run the stupid gimmick into the ground as much in a way.  He succeeds within his lane.  He stays in it and he's managed to widen the lane.  And what's weird about the Beach Boys is, it's 1965, 1966, Brian Wilson sees, and they're in their lane,  Brian Wilson sees an off-ramp.  He sees an off-ramp to somewhere elevated to a better place.  And Mike's like, no, absolutely not.  Back on the road.  Stay on the road.  Mike Love is taking the on-ramp to Santa Monica and then the adjacent off-ramp to get back on the on-ramp to Santa Monica.  To keep, I'm going, we're driving the same mile and then we're doing a U and we're doing it again.  And we're doing it again.  That is the insistence that we must stay, we cannot elevate what we're doing.  That is another interesting point.  And it's obviously it's because of Brian versus Mike's philosophy.  But it's almost like Mike is maybe mad that they ever had like pure, pure like artistic success like that.  Yeah, yeah.  I mean, I think there was a point where it was all happening at the same time.  Like this album that's referenced in this rap, Summer Days and Summer Nights, has hits, but it also has like kind of a lush, more emotional.  But like they were doing all of it at once.  Yeah, yeah, sure.  Hits and critics love it.  And to be honest, Pet Sounds did not sell very well at the time.  It's gone on to great acclaim.  But I thought it just it spooked them.  I mentioned the song Heroes and Villains.  There's a live album they did in 69 where he sets it up by saying, now here's a song.  We're going to do a song right now that this did great on the charts.  Yeah, made it to number 40.  So get ready for a number 40 smash, everybody.  And then the band is to play the song.  And it's like, what?  Why are you shitting on your own?  Everybody's uncomfortable now.  No one even laughed at that joke.  Yeah, he's all business.  It's a business.  He's Leno. It's all about.  Yeah, like, yeah, I left it number one and we're going to keep it number one.  And then this. But again.  But now he's been touting for so many years being number one for one week.  How long ago?  Thirty five years ago.  He is still.  He's stuck in the five minute span of when he was on stage being handed his high school diploma  and the horror of like, oh, my God, after today, I'm no longer the big fish in the small pond.  When I had the girls or all the babes are screaming for me right now.  But as soon as I take three steps off this stage, it's all over.  It's right off the stage into the the failing sheet metal business.  Yes, that's why we're we're going to see Mike Love hooked up to life support like and ladies and gentlemen,  the beach boy.  And then the it takes six people to move his entire mechanism out his bed.  They think somebody's got a remote and it tilts him up ever so slightly.  And then they try to dress it up.  They put like lays on it.  Maybe they roll it all out on a giant surfboard, a surfboard that can fit a hospital bed.  And then he will.  He can't sing by that point.  So they'll just put a microphone up to a Stephen Hawking computer.  Yeah, an AI.  And some loud braggart tries to put me down and say his school is great.  And it sounds a lot better than he has for the last 20 years.  Wow. Mike's pipes are working good.  You are describing Emperor Palpatine.  On the planet of Mexico, like one of the cooler visuals like I that sticks out from that movie is like Palpatine hooked up to like an HR Giger like contraption.  Somehow Brian Mike Love has returned the dead speak.  That's right. The Beach Boys are coming to the Hollywood Bowl.  Mark McGrath only on July 4th.  Stamos there for all nights.  Be there.  The dead speak and tonight they're covering to do Ron Ron.  Hey, everybody's old enough to forget we didn't do that one.  Right. All right. It's going in.  OK. That's that.  And there's oh and my chaser for that one.  If that's the worst song they ever put out, my chaser for that one is my favorite Beach Boys song, Sail on Sailor.  I even recommend the live version from the in concert album in 1973.  If there's nothing whiter than Mike Love rapping, then I recommend Sail on Sailor in which they had an actual person of color in the band.  Two of them. In fact, these guys, Blondie Chaplin and Ricky Fetar before Mike Love got his iron grip on the band, they had the South African musicians play with them.  And it was the only time maybe ever that the Beach Boys were great live.  Like they actually like to these guys, I think made him great.  Like where it actually sounded like they sounded like a 70s jam band.  They did everything with different arrangements and especially Sail on Sailor, one of the best songs Brian ever wrote.  I love it. There's all these like, you know, Beatles, you go to message boards and fan sites and stuff.  And it's always like they'll put like all those solo Beatles songs together.  What if the Beatles had stayed as a group?  So they'll like put together like fantasy booking, fantasy track lists of solo Beatles like of the same era.  And they'll fantasize about what would have happened or whatever.  And this is a little bit more like nebulous.  But is there like a fan community of like what do the Beach Boys look like if Brian has had like had a little bit more of his sanity and Mike had less control?  Like is there any do you even think about stuff like that?  I did hear an AI that imagined what if Brian was singing the song Looking Back with Love that I just played you guys.  So there's that.  I mean, the thing is, they still OK, Summer in Paradise killed this.  That album sold that I just played that song from sold less than one thousand copies.  That was a commercial catastrophe.  So we had like I'm in charge my way or the highway.  We're going back to number one. It's an album of all Kokomo's.  Fuck you, motherfuckers.  Then they sold one thousand copies and no one saved it for Spotify.  They didn't record a new album together for over 20 years.  But they did come back together and make the album.  That's why God made the radio.  I saw them perform live on the Jay Leno Tonight Show.  Oh, yeah, yeah. They did it on Jimmy Fallon, too.  I kind of like see in Rick Abanio back me up on this one.  I like some songs on this.  So if that album might satisfy that there's some garbage on that album for sure.  But there's a few that are like, well, they went out.  They went out on a higher note if that's presumably the last album they ever do.  I hope it's not.  I would love a little bit more.  And well, you know, their most recent song, which I'm not going to play,  they did make a new song during the pandemic called This Too Shall Pass.  That was like, now we got to wear a mask.  And then the chorus of it became, let's wrap this up.  Let's all social social distance so we can get back to having fun, fun, fun in the sun.  So that might end up being the final Beach Boys song is a song about the fucking pandemic.  A song about supporting doctors, which at least I Mike Love was on the right side of that issue publicly.  Yeah, that's behind closed doors.  It's probably like, boy, that fudge.  What if we put out a so what if we put out this to the tune of Barbara Ann?  Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, you fudgey fuck.  This has got to stop. I agree.  I'm sure Eric will mind if we do a little cover of it.  Just to change it up for the hunting crowd.  All right, boys, your rifles still hot.  OK, all right.  Here's a song about supporting those cops.  OK.  And now to close it out, we've made it to the end.  And it's where this is where I with a heavy heart, I tell you, that is not the only Beach Boys rap song.  They had a hit song with the fat boys called Wipe Out.  There was like a mashup of the song Wipe Out, which was not a Beach Boys song.  Right. Yeah. But it kind of worked.  That one actually was a little bit of a hit, strangely.  But it's not nearly as bad as the one I'm going to play.  And this whole episode's been shitting on Mike Love.  But what I can you cannot deny the craziest Beach Boys song ever created has nothing to do with Mike Love.  This is pure Brian Wilson, although maybe not pure Brian Wilson,  because this is during the time he was under the vice grip of Dr. Eugene Landy.  And Eugene Landy and his girlfriend decided it would be a good idea if Brian Wilson did a rap song.  And at this time, I would like to play you the song Smart Girls.  I'm fine.  Wow, this low-catch is so much better than this.  It is, it is.  How are you?  He's put a lot of throat into it.  I love that one, two, three.  This is not a well man at this point.  And this is why it's a bit of a bummer to go out of  because he's just, look, he got away from it.  You could see the movie, you could see the junky sec movie.  He got away, but when he was still in the throes of it,  he did a song about how all the old songs were about dumb girls.  You're like, I guess. Was that the mission?  Is that what Help Me Ronda was about?  Ronda's a dummy?  Let me make it to one more, and apologies in advance, apologies for this.  Legs and breasts, but strictly on a higher plane.  Did everybody get that?  No.  I couldn't really understand that.  I like hips and legs and breasts!  No.  No.  That is what is said in that.  That's it.  They made an insane, absolutely breaking, many, many laws  psychologist quack made Brian Wilson rap about breasts.  They didn't even do it in a cheeky way.  No.  He said it very clinically.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Or like he's picking out a rotisserie chicken  at the grocery store.  I don't think you typically say that in a sexual scenario.  You probably still are, it's just, it does feel very  like the name of the body part.  Right.  I like breasts!  Eugene Landy was a doctor, so maybe that's  sort of how he would refer to things, very clinically.  Maybe.  Yeah, this is just a medical thing.  Yeah.  What's your favorite movie?  Norbit.  What's your favorite body part?  Breasts!  I mean, it sounds like a doctor in the sense  that Matthew Lesko with the question mark suit  is a financial expert.  I am amazed you know the name of the question mark man.  I love obscure facts, and I've never  thought to learn the name of the question mark man.  Matthew Lesko, I feel like towards the end,  and when I say the end, the end of the infomercial,  like boom, when Comedy Central in the 2000s  was still showing infomercials in the late morning,  you know, I feel like he was saying his name a lot more.  Oh, yeah, you got to keep that brand,  you know, people are just calling you the question mark  guy.  What?  I got to start saying Matthew Lesko!  Smart Girls is, look, I get a lot of joy from Summer of Love.  I don't get a lot of joy from Smart Girls.  But if I'm listing the five craziest Beach Boys songs,  that's undeniably it.  And as penance for that one, you have  to listen to all of Pet Sounds.  Just the entire thing.  Throw a smile in there, too.  Remember the better times when Brian Wilson was  vibrant and forward thinking, and before his confidence got  eroded by a guy who was so insecure that he's  going to have to go back to the sheet metal factory.  And that's the journey, guys.  I appreciate you taking it with me.  I know it was a long trip, but how do I sum up the Beach Boys?  When it's something I could do for an entire weekly podcast,  tried to fit it within this.  And I'll take it as a birthday gift,  getting to play all of the worst songs the Beach Boys ever made  for you guys and for you the listeners.  I still love Sloop Jon B.  I really like that song.  Well, that's right in the middle of Pet Sounds.  It's a fantastic one.  There's so many great treasures.  If all this is done is dissuade you from listening  to more Beach Boys, then I couldn't blame you.  Please let me say, that era of underlooked music  is just so magical.  I love the Wilson brothers.  I love stuff that Mike's done, too.  Hey, I'm glad he got him cooking.  I'm glad he had bills to pay, and he pushed Brian  to use his incredible musical abilities.  Yeah.  It's a real journey, and every band has a lot of story up  and downs, but man, this one.  Because what are you, Beach Boys top 10 bands of all time,  you would say, probably?  Well, to me, it depends on who you ask.  To you, to him, 20 people would put.  To my wife, no.  The big Aaron and I's biggest disagreement.  Because when I say, what do you like about them?  I love the blend.  I love the harmonies.  I just love hearing them together,  even if it is Kokomo.  I love hearing those voices.  And she's like, that's exactly what I hate about them.  I hate their dumb voices.  And yet we've managed to make a marriage work in spite of this.  James Carville and his wife.  What's his wife's name?  They're conservative, and one's a conservative.  Well, or it's a lot like Cheryl Hines and RFK  Jr., our next president.  That's true.  First Lady Cheryl Hines.  I mean, you've got to vote for him just to see that.  What, are they going to give an address,  and then the curb theme is going to play?  The new national anthem, everyone.  Bump, bump, bump.  That's it.  So that's why I'm voting for him.  Sure.  I have one question at this point just before we leave.  Mike and I have taken our birthday shots.  I am so curious what Jason's birthday shot is.  So do you have any idea, is anything percolating?  Yeah.  You don't have to spoil it.  I have been thinking about it.  I mean, I don't think scheduling would work out,  because Mike kept saying the phrase Jason month,  and I was like, oh, what chaos.  What chaos that would be.  But maybe, maybe.  You mean maybe you'll do one?  No, no, maybe I have one in mind  in terms of a birthday shot.  Okay, okay, I am so, so curious.  Is there any way you could tease it?  Is there one word that's like a-  I mean, it'll probably be something  Islands of Adventure based.  That was what I thought.  I did think, we use this as an excuse  to go off the theme park map  and talk about something different,  and I was like, I bet Jason will be the one  who takes it right back to being brave.  I wanna go to the real heads.  Is yours gonna be just,  guys, we're doing port of entry again,  and you all shut the fuck up,  you don't make fun of this, you don't make fun of me.  No, I think, I have therapy for like,  you don't make fun of me, you don't say,  I mean, like I see a professional to get that anger out.  Wait a minute, does that mean you used to-  Wait. Dr. Landy Jr.  Oh yeah, I see Dr. Landy.  He dropped me off.  Landy Jr.  Wait, did you go to, did you talk,  I'm not allowed to know about things in therapy, I know,  but did you go to therapy,  and were you at all upset about what happened  in the port of entry episode?  Oh no, no, come on.  Because that's what the listeners thought.  They were sure of it.  Jason's gonna head into a dark,  Jason's gonna become Brian Wilson  and stay in bed for three years  after what they did to him  in that island in the port of entry episode.  I think it adds to the funniness,  and that adds to the appeal of the area  that there used to be a painting  of Seagram's seven-crown whiskey bottle  that was like as tall as I was.  That's what I'm saying.  You had fun, we had fun,  but people were very concerned about you.  People thought, this is his Brian moment.  I do appreciate it, but I am here to tell everyone,  like, oh, that shit from like the last five, 10 years  about comedy being important, comedy being true,  don't, it's not, don't take it so seriously.  You just jumped miles down the road.  I think there's so much where people now are like,  oh, comedy, it's so devastating, it's so, so.  Well, I think they were saying  they should have let Jason talk about the window gags more,  and now you've made it that.  Oh, I see.  I misunderstood, I'm sorry, I misunderstood.  Folks, you need to adjust your thinking  about what comedians are and what comedians do.  Very petty and bullshit is what I was saying.  I have more fun with it.  But no, I didn't care about talking about that.  We did plenty of talking about that stuff.  That's what I thought.  Well, you've heard it here first, folks.  Jason is back, he's doing just as well as before.  Let's get back to having fun, fun, fun on the shore.  Oh, okay.  Hey, that's it, you survived.  Keep it tuned here up to Club 3  if you wanna hear the episode we were just talking about,  and keep it tuned to podcast The Red Second Gate  for Jason's birthday shot, which is when?  October 4th is my birthday, so somewhere around then.  Hey, it's spooky month, though.  Maybe I'll try to tie it in.  You could take it spooky.