 Five, four, three, two, one.  Welcome to the magical world of Podcast The Ride,  The Second Gate.  This Barbie loves pink, mainly in rosé form.  I'm Scott Gardner, joined by this Barbie,  who shares his dream house with 900 other action figures.  Mike Carlson.  That's right, I'm here and this Barbie loves sharing  his space with other little friends.  This Barbie has a very crowded dream house.  And this Barbie also loves pink,  but he doesn't give a shit if it's in grapefruit.  Jason Sheridan.  I was wondering what the very specific thing for me  was gonna be.  We have a history with a pink fruit.  Hey, folks, Greta Gerwig's highly anticipated  Barbie Hits Theaters this week.  And people are excited for this.  It's gonna do great, I'm sure.  But the true heads know that there is already  a primary piece of Barbie media out there.  It is a VHS tape called Barbie Birthday Party  at Walt Disney World, FGod 94.  And that's what we're here to talk about.  A long-awaited topic, as anticipated,  in the microcosm of Podcast The Ride listeners,  maybe this is the Greta Gerwig Barbie.  Yeah.  I think that's right.  I was gonna say, I'm excited for a new Noah Baumbach movie,  but I'm afraid I'll wedgie myself if I say that, you know?  As if you don't wedgie yourself once a Podcast The Ride  episode in some way.  I do, yeah, yeah.  I love it.  We all do.  Keep yourself humble.  The Squid and the Whale has some amazing performance  at just pulling it over my head.  Just pulling my own underwear over my head.  It's like, come on, man.  How long have you been watching Squid and the Whale?  I haven't watched it in a long time.  But when it came out, I remember really enjoying it.  You call it Barbie, I call it Squid and the Whale 2.  Another Squid and another Whale.  But yes, Barbie birthday party.  And we are so excited to talk about this  with a verified super fan of this video  and a first time guest, a writer for This Fool on Hulu  and corporate, this Barbie's name is Caroline Anderson.  Hi, thank you so much for having me.  I'm so excited.  We are thrilled about this.  Really excited you could do this.  And this also, just really quick,  a couple people to thank for putting this together.  We were being fools.  I say this fool to show you where it's on,  but these fools forgot that,  we were busy with our Las Vegas schedule  and we were ignoring this Barbie timing,  this once in a lifetime Barbie timing.  And thankfully Amanda Hasaka alerted us  to what we were ignoring with the tweet.  If Podcast the Right doesn't do a Barbie Epcot episode  on the day Barbie comes out, what are we doing here?  Including a clip that completely spelled out the point  and I realized Amanda is correct.  We have neglected this.  Because we've talked about doing this thing before,  but we wanted to do it with a super fan.  That was the only way this was gonna work.  And for some reason it occurred to me to ask Griffin Newman  and Griffin Newman spit out the answer immediately,  Caroline Anderson.  So thank you, Griffin.  And I'm just curious to know how does he know that?  How deep does this go?  Can you pull us into your affection  for Barbie birthday party?  I grew up with tapes.  I had 15 tapes and those tapes were just my everything.  Your entire world was these two.  I was an inside kid who didn't have cable  and we didn't have money.  So I had the tapes that my aunt video recorded  and gave to us.  And so one of those tapes,  it's like the Super Mario Brothers movie,  Mixed Nuts, the Steve Martin Nora Everett movie.  Oh wow.  It's a real hodgepodge,  Miss Austin Powers that was recorded off of TV.  So it has that warp effect and it has edits.  Whoa, oh and probably like dub overs of profanities.  There's no profanity in the movie.  What are you talking about?  Oh yeah, there probably is.  But does it just go to like?  No, there's a lot.  There's penis jokes all the time,  which for TV they would be like, that's not my bag.  That whole scene is just, he gets his bag.  It is his bag.  They don't show.  He just successfully gets his little items back.  Do I make you, what was yours?  What was it?  Do I make you interested, baby?  Do I make you happy, baby?  That's good too.  Both good.  Jason, you have a pitch on that?  Logistically.  You have a pitch on that joke?  Ooh.  That's all right, you don't have to.  Yeah, I'm gonna think on it, come back.  I'll edit it in later.  Just a really cumbersome edit, yeah.  Yeah, so one of these VHS tapes was this Barbie Epcot  birthday, in my world it is connected  to the Barbie dance workout 92.  For a lot of people, I know this is,  because I will bring it up with people a lot of,  was that a part of your life?  And for a lot of people it is an associated thing.  I don't know if there was a two for one special  at the Toys R Us or anything, but very connected.  And so yeah, it was just one of the only things  that I watched and I probably watched it once a week  for 10 years and so it is very much a part of my life  and especially with Barbie being in the cultural,  to me, we should all be talking about this all the time.  I went to the Barbie installation in Santa Monica,  the Barbie museum or whatever.  Oh right.  And there was just nothing about it.  I couldn't believe no one was talking about it.  This is such an important piece of history.  Well yeah, okay, because you had other,  Barbie is interesting that there hasn't been,  this movie in 2023, this is the Barbie movie  and it's kind of weird that there hasn't even been any,  there wasn't some low budget attempt at this in the 90s  and there probably were various,  I know that there's kind of some Princess Adventure VHS  and you just mentioned this Dance Workout one  which I didn't know, but it really,  I guess it makes this Epcot video  and any others around this time,  genuinely the definitive Barbie media for a while.  Yeah, well and I also know from listening to an interview  with Beth who was the Barbie for the Epcot show  that Mattel and Disney had a really hard time  getting on the same page and there was a lot of rewrites  so I think Mattel takes this property very, very seriously  so it's challenging.  Wow.  It came along at a very interesting time  as a part of Epcot 94 and later Epcot 95,  they say in the one video of the show  and it does seem like at the time they were like,  we gotta get these kids interested in Epcot.  What are they like, Barbie and video games?  All right, do it.  So they put the Barbie show in World Showcase  and they just put rows and rows of Sega testers  in the brand new Innoventions.  Yeah.  And it worked.  Boys, girls, check.  Yeah.  Yeah, boys like video games, girls like Barbie, right?  That's how it's, that's the gender binary, yeah.  Can I ask, like as far as the toys and Barbies.  Couldn't give less of a shit.  Wow, interesting.  I'm not a Barbie person.  That's interesting.  I like to like a plush elephant.  Like I love just like an animal,  a photorealistic plush animal.  I think I owned a handful.  I know I had a vet Barbie at a certain point  because she came with little plush animals.  But yeah, her as a concept, you know,  I'm much more like I love Malibu Stacey.  I love all of the, you know, the fake versions.  But yeah, I don't know that I have like a particular  affinity for the doll.  I like a show.  Sure.  I love the, as somebody who I talk a lot about  for a long time, well look still,  Star Wars is fine, but Star Tours is the definitive  canon for me.  And truly I saw, I went on Star Tours  and was a Star Tours years before I even watched  the Star Wars movies.  So I like a good like pop cultural reroute,  a good out of order.  Yeah, one of the tapes that I loved as a child  was troll radio sing along.  I don't know if anyone's familiar,  but it's, you know, it's trollies, you know, little trolls.  And they sing sort of trollized versions of like  do wa diddy diddy dum diddy do.  But then when they started making trolls movies  with, you know, like can't stop the feeling,  I was like, but they love like old standards,  but they love oldies.  The trolls sing oldies.  That doesn't fit in the canon.  Yeah, yeah, exactly.  That actually, that reminds me, I,  on the troll subject, I watched, there's this video,  Barbie birthday party, and I looked up the credits  of the writer and director, and the credits are one other  Barbie video called Barbie fashion secrets.  And this is a good video.  I thought about bringing in some clips,  but it's so visual if you can imagine,  because this is a video where they go to like  the headquarters and they talk to who designs Barbie's clothes,  who does the hair, and who, so, I mean,  I just recommend watching the entire thing,  but it's from around the same time,  a wraparound of like a stop motion Barbie,  so it has that in common, but the highlight of it  is a Barbie troll crossover where Barbie,  worthy guess, that's the correct guess,  because it's a Barbie that comes with trolls  that are her size, so it would be a troll to her,  so it's a little puff of hair that she can play with,  but also put into her own hair,  so she can use colorful troll hair as like touch-ups  and extensions of herself.  Did she have a little gem in her belly button?  Ooh, I don't think they went all the way,  either it was before the existence of the treasure trolls,  or they were like, we got a lot going already,  we're gonna break the bank if we also put a,  those are real gems, we actually mined those.  I feel like with Barbie, just looking around  at all the different Barbie stuff,  because obviously Barbie's been around for decades,  there's so much, I'd like to call a shot  for the next five years of just discussing Barbie's  side characters, because when you look through the list,  it's nuts of characters that have been disused.  You did this too?  I did this too, well, I started, as we were watching  Jane, I was like, she didn't know Mitch,  and I was like, come on, it's Mitch, you know.  Well, you gotta know Mitch.  And I started reading that, like, oh, Mitch has a  very complicated history of being on sale,  being not be on sale. She's been in and out,  and she's been siblings, and she's been friends.  Yes, and that's what I wanna track one of these days.  Alan in the 90s, and then they have kids?  Not Alan.  So first you, first.  I'm just learning now that Mitch exists,  and now you're telling me Mitch is complicated.  Mitch is so complicated.  Mitch is really complicated.  And like, I'm just sorry, you continue.  We're both excited to say names.  I am Mitch.  Watching the video too, we got very excited.  She was like, oh, I didn't know this was like,  set up like a Mary-Kate and Ashley video.  Not the movies, like not the A to B, like three act movie,  but the like kind of interactive, like pizza, P-I-Z-Z-A  kind of videos.  There's just so much here, and I know we can't do it,  but like Skipper is Barbie's kid sister.  And Skipper has her own series of friends of,  on Wikipedia it just says friends of the family.  So Skipper had a friend named Scooter, Ricky, Fluff,  Tiff, Ginger, and these were like discontinued characters  that existed from like,  Scooter was active from 1965 to 1968,  and then 1975 to 1976.  So they would like bring these dolls  in and out of production.  But there's so much stuff like the Generation Girls.  I don't know what that is.  The Rockers and Sensations, which was like Barbie,  Josie and the Pussycats style band, I think is what.  Yes, Barbie and the Rockers was a  Jim and the Hawks era thing, I think.  Yeah, so there's just so much stuff to do on Barbie  in general. Not to skip to the Epcot show,  but when the opening of the actual show itself,  which you can watch on YouTube,  the MC introduces all of these characters  to just the weakest applause.  He's like, who else gonna be here?  Mitch!  Jesse!  Well, he also before that has a little display  where he puts down the wall and it's like all the dolls.  I feel like the display of dolls maybe gets more applause  than the performers.  Than some 18 year old.  Jason, you forgot to mention Alan's last name,  Alan Sherwood.  Sorry, you can buy a doll that's named Alan Sherwood?  Alan Sherwood, he started out as Ken's buddy,  and then he was paired with the Mitch doll  from the beginning, or was, excuse me, it was paired.  And then in 1991, a line of dolls was created  depicting a wedding for Alan and Mitch.  Later, a family themed line of dolls,  much like the earlier Hart family,  had the two characters raising a family.  So that's what Alan Sherwood was all about.  Was it Skipper who had the baby and it was a controversy?  I think so, or was that a joke?  That was Mitch.  I forget.  This is an auto fill in right now,  Mitch, Barbie, pregnant, controversy.  So there we go.  In the movie, I think, the Mitch character  is pregnant, Alan is, Michael Cera is Alan  in the movie, I believe.  Yes, Michael Cera is Alan.  So they're really deep into this canon.  Yeah, yeah.  So I'm interested to see what characters they use.  There's no way they can use all the characters  on the Wikipedia though, because it's-  It's a pretty big cast.  Yes.  Yeah, it is.  We've got a lot in there.  Yeah, yeah.  Does that make you, are you then excited for the movie  or worried that it will not live up to the vibe  of Barbie birthday party?  I'm, great question.  I think there's gonna be a lot less screaming and yelling,  which is gonna be hard.  Probably less like sped up slurping of spaghetti  to sort of an off brand Tarantella.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes.  I think the cell phones will probably be better.  But yeah.  And it does, Will Ferrell's in it,  so you're gonna get yelling, but is that,  that's not the same as the yelling of Lisa and Stephanie.  Yes.  It's a distinctly different tone of yelling.  Yeah.  Well, let's talk about this tape a little bit  and the show too.  I know it sounds like you guys thought  to watch the entire thing, like full performances of the thing.  So fill in gaps when we get to the show part.  Yeah.  But kind of the dry history here,  I mean, Jason, you said some of it.  There was already, there was a Disney-Mittell relationship.  Mattel was sponsoring It's a Small World,  and I think some other stuff,  and there's a Mattel store somewhere.  So that relationship was there already,  and they wanted to do a lot for Barbie's big birthday, 35.  I mean, they had just come from Disneyland's 35th birthday,  which is oddly the biggest blowout birthday  in Disneyland history, so I guess that was a big,  everybody's just looking for anything.  35, close enough, let's do a bunch of Barbie crap.  So Barbie's coming 35, so thus,  and then they're triangulating,  okay, Epcot's not doing the best right now,  and maybe is not well-liked among kids,  regarded as boring among kids.  If you can believe that, if you could possibly imagine  the dumb children, including us,  who felt this way at the time.  So let's put Barbie in there,  use the international aspects of Barbie,  we got the World Showcase thing in Epcot,  so Barbie will go around the world  and wear different outfits, mainly,  and yeah, make friends, I guess,  cool, and I'll go, look, it's more about the clothes,  it's gonna be more about the clothes.  And the big overlay of this was that Barbie  is the ambassador of friendship in Epcot for 94,  that is the big theme, and who better,  I don't know if they ever renewed  the ambassador of friendship program  and named any others.  I think it was Richard Nixon up until 1993,  and then Barbie took over from him.  Post-presidency, they had different philosophies  regarding friendship and how friendly to be.  The ambassador of friendship.  He announced that in the contemporary.  The ambassador of friendship can drop a few bombs, why not?  If the ambassador of friendship does it,  it's not illegal.  Barbie was gonna run for president,  but then she dropped out so that the president could win,  and then she was promised the ambassadorship spot,  it was all really messy.  Oh, sure, yeah, backroom deal, yeah, yeah, yeah.  She had a talking to.  She was communicating with the White House plumbers,  the character is Justin Theroux,  Woody Harrelson play.  So you had a couple of aspects to this,  and the main one being the big show,  The Magical World of Barbie,  show that ran from January 94 to May 1995,  and it is a show, of course, Barbie and Ken are there,  this we know, but then there is this expanded lineup.  It's not everyone in the Wikipedia,  but you do have, okay, we got Skipper, we got PJ,  we got Todd, we got Brad, we got Midge,  we got Stacey, and we got Jazzy.  Now, I don't know one of these names.  Jazzy was the most interesting to me.  I learned that Jazzy had been discontinued.  Jazzy was a cool teen cousin  who was discontinued in 92.  Discontinued.  So actually it was a big return.  Because they caught him with weed.  And that's.  Too cool.  Jazzy, be cool, but not that cool.  Does anyone have any memories associated with any of Skipper?  We know, but is there anything in your Rorschach test  for PJ, Todd, Brad, or Stacey?  Sorry, does anybody else?  I was lectured.  Don't jump in all at once.  In the same way that you talked about  how you were lectured about Mary Martin  and the Peter Pans by your mother.  I was also kind of lectured about Midge and Skipper.  And I do believe PJ was in the mix early on  because I think my mom had some old Barbies.  Can you say lecture to be like,  this is something you, my son in the 90s,  need to know about.  I needed to know about Mary Martin and Sandy Duncan  and all the great Peter Pans.  My mom said the words Mary Martin last week too.  I forget what context it was.  But she said, Mary Martin.  And she was talking about something from the 70s.  So, but I was, yeah.  She must be proud that we're proud.  We might be the podcast where Mary Martin  comes up the most.  Yeah, if she paid attention to this show  when she's listening to it,  she would definitely be proud of that.  She wasn't distracted by the swears.  Or distracted by the way my voice sounds.  How I enunciate is sort of what she's focused on  versus the quality of the show  or funny or informative.  But ever since the Martin cast went on hiatus,  she's happier carrying the torch.  The Martin from the?  The Mary Martin podcast.  I thought you meant Martin the sitcom from the 90s.  Oh no.  I mean, they're probably one of those.  Someone's probably going episode by episode through Martin.  So, yeah.  So I heard these names  and I can't remember which dolls my mom had  or still has maybe.  But I knew the basic characters because of that.  I see.  Okay.  But I guess, I mean, we're finding that maybe  that there's not as much stock as they think.  And everybody's gonna be there.  Brad.  Yeah.  Oh no, Brad.  Brad feels like newer.  I can go back to the list and see when Brad was introduced.  Because I like.  So, yeah.  All the side characters.  Barbie and Ken, yeah, were,  obviously they had the staying power.  But I feel like they didn't,  other characters maybe didn't ever resonate.  Just in doll form, I guess, really.  I feel like the vehicles in the house,  like the dream house is so much more iconic than poor Midge.  Well, yeah, that's true.  Well, it's all, I mean, I feel like it's places and clothes.  That's what you want in a Barbie experience.  And I've said this before on the show.  I liked the Barbie vehicles, but it was pink  and I was told that was not for boys.  So I would lie and say my sister wanted it.  My sister was one.  And I would circle stuff in the catalog,  like the Barbie camper,  because I was obsessed with the idea  of driving your house.  And I would say to my mom,  well, Katie wants the Barbie camper.  My mom, like I thought I was pulling a fast one at age four  because I knew that this was for girls.  So why would-  It's so beautiful.  Yeah, so we didn't get it.  We had to resort to it.  I didn't get it.  Kids of that era.  But guess what?  Now you're a grownup with autonomy.  I hope that after this record, you go pick one up  for yourself.  I don't have the room because all the boy toys I have  in my office are taking up too much space.  You have four boy toys that could sit in the car.  Oh yeah, you might clear up a space.  Well, Scalato, Donatello, Raphael, Scalantula.  Scale-wise, Barbie is a doll.  So I'm trying to think, do I have any?  The closest thing I have is my first contact,  Lieutenant Commander Data doll  that's standing on my desk right now.  So he probably could fit in the camper or the car.  Well, and I'm sure you guys all know this,  but canonically, Jordy LaForge and Vet Barbie  are a couple on account of my brother  headed Jordy LaForge and I had Barbie.  Oh wow, okay.  So they are.  That's a good relation to know.  It happened in your house, so it's canon.  Call so long, what you least expected.  Edit the Wikipedia real quick  to make sure that is reflected in there.  So you know what caught my eye?  I was at, I don't, when this comes out,  I don't remember if this thing will be done or not,  but currently Burbank has this Disneyland auction gallery.  And I went earlier today and just in the like,  store area, they had Disney fun Barbies,  which I imagine were, no price was listed.  So I was like, I bet this is insanely marked up.  But this is, I forget if this was part  of the same partnership or era, but they're pretty good.  I mean, I feel like, you know what, as I'm looking at it,  I think maybe my sister had one of these  because she's in mouse ears and then in a very like  Gloria Estefan, Paul Abdul kind of ensemble, which is great.  Like yellow that is so neon that it's almost green.  And then, but I think I had this,  I think I took the Mickey Mouse balloon from this set  because I was a theme park kid.  And if I just abscond with this from Disney fun Barbie,  will my sister notice?  Knowing her, she probably did.  Where's my balloon?  Have you ever gotten lost on doll YouTube  where people like kind of wash the makeup  off of like ugly Barbie dolls basically  and take their hair out and like replant better,  higher quality hair and do better paints on them?  That's a lot of YouTube channels.  I feel like a lot of them are like Soviet.  So I'm a K-pop fan.  It'll not come up again, I promise.  But we have the, you know, Mattel made some pretty awful  BTS Barbies six or seven years ago.  And so there's a lot of people making them be better,  like taking the existing molds and drawing them better,  putting them in them.  There are YouTube channels that I watch  that sound like what you've described for different things,  but now I will watch what you're talking about as well.  So yeah.  There's so many toy modification like channels.  Yes, there is a, I'm in a lot of toy Facebook groups  and you get, I'm in, we need to do another,  we did Cabbage Patch Doll episode  about the baby land general.  I'm in a Cabbage Patch Doll Facebook group  that is terrifying.  People are just offering up the scariest looking dolls  for like a lot of money or asking for help  about how to repair the dolls.  And the dolls, they're all haunted in some way.  But then there's other sites, or excuse me, other groups  that will, somebody will be like customizing figures,  which people do and some people are really good at it.  And there's this one guy, God bless him.  He is the shittiest figure customizer.  And he posts these things that look like  like a five-year-old did them.  And he goes, so how am I doing?  I'm just starting out and people,  some people are really nice.  And then there'll be one guy, looks like shit.  And you just thumbs up that comment.  Yeah, yeah.  I don't know.  Subtle suggestion that way.  But I love the idea of like, what's the car term  when you go back in? Modding.  Modding or something.  Yeah, like.  At one point in time it was pimping.  I don't know if it is a mold.  Pimping my Barbie, that sounds wrong.  That sounds like the wrong phrase.  Yeah, yeah, I don't like none of that.  I just discovered the dog grooming YouTube channel.  Like people cutting dogs and like dog groomers and stuff.  So it's like what you're saying.  And it's kind of like, I mean that  and then the slot machine influencers.  Like those are really addictive.  Jason loves slot machine influencers.  There are more and more slot,  like now there are some casinos in Vegas that have like,  and this part of the casino is the Brian Christopher slot.  Like the slot machine guy who lost $300,000 gambling.  And he writes it, he can write it off  because that's his job.  That's pretty good.  Sounds like, you should do that.  That's it.  If this was the beginning of that,  Jason then becomes one.  I mean, I can.  He loved them and then he became them.  Do you, oh sorry.  I can do what I haven't seen represented,  which is just people silently playing.  Because so often people are like, oh, come on,  almost got it.  Oh, that's a bonus.  Oh, I just needed one more.  Like they're narrating what's happening.  No, I just want to hear the effects and the music.  Oh, you don't want to hear the commentary.  Yeah.  What a pickiness.  I don't want to hear about you.  I want to hear the noises, the sound effects.  I want to hear the pleasing noises, like I'm there.  Well, there's gotta be a loop  that you can just fall asleep to of casino noises.  Oh, probably.  Casino ASMR, I'm sure.  Yeah.  That's good.  Oh yeah, like slowly like pulling the lever and stuff.  That's probably the code.  Yeah, casino ASMR is probably the thing to look for.  Putting the coin in slowly, hitting the button.  Jason's right asleep.  I also have the ASMR channel,  this is you describing the things there's no sound effects.  Yeah, that's calmer than what you're gonna.  There's a card.  Do you have any Barbie anything at the point,  like in a display or in an office or anything?  I have Jimin from BTS Barbie.  I have a Riverdale Barbie that was a Christmas present.  Do you remember a couple years back when they're like,  we're introducing a fat Barbie?  Do you remember this?  I don't.  So they were like, we have a problem with diversity.  So we're gonna introduce like short, tall, fat,  and maybe one other body type.  She's like a four.  She's like not a fat Barbie at all,  but I think someone was excited for me  that there would finally be some fat Barbie.  So she's somewhere in my home.  You would not see her and go, oh, fat Barbie.  You would go, that Barbie doesn't look like Barbie.  Slightly wider hips Barbie is what I'm seeing.  But it is Barbie.  It's not a different character.  It is the woman, it's Barbara.  Barbara Millicent was her middle name, I believe.  Millicent.  Oh, I don't know.  Sorry, this is the creator?  No, Barbie herself.  Barbara herself.  What?  Her name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.  I forget her last name.  I never heard to me that her name is Barbara.  Oh yeah.  Barbara Barbie Millicent Roberts.  Barbara Roberts, the doll.  Alan Sherwood.  Alan Sherwood.  The doll.  No, yes, your sister grew up playing Barbara and Alan toys.  Mommy, mommy, I want a Barbara Roberts toy.  Barbara Millicent Roberts.  All the Barbies obviously would keep the hair  the same color or the height.  It was just, they were just taking Barbie  and making different versions.  They're new characters seemingly from what I'm looking at.  But they are not named.  They are not given like, you know.  Oh really?  Well that's not good.  That's weird.  They just are all still Barbies.  Okay.  Names would probably be helpful.  A little humanizing perhaps.  Yeah, he has one humanizing.  An easy way to humanize.  Oh wait, yeah, wait, their names are petite, tall, curvy,  and original.  I am original.  They're like, that's crazy.  So interesting.  Wanna feel empowered?  Go buy the word that people might describe you by.  Use it as your name.  Okay.  Wow.  I have another question about your experience  with this tape.  And that like, I don't know in what year  you're actually watching it.  But so I'm curious if, you know,  this show ran for like a year and a half.  It wasn't the longest amount of time.  But were you either aware that maybe you could go  and see it or were you aware that it was in the past  and you missed your opportunity  and you couldn't live in the tape?  And is that upsetting?  Great question.  It definitely did not work as marketing.  If that was the job, it was just like,  oh, the tape that I'm gonna watch.  I come from a theme park family.  I have a theme park father  and specifically like a theme park show father.  And those aren't really for very young children.  So like, and especially the kind that my dad liked,  which is like David Bowie presents the,  or not David Bowie, but who's the,  I'm from Texas.  Who's the Bowie, the famous Bowie from Texas?  Oh, the Bowie Knife.  Yeah, exactly, that guy.  But it's like him telling you about  what happened at the Alamo.  Like that's sort of the kind of theme park show  that I was familiar with as a child.  And so I was like, yeah.  It did not, it did not do its job  making me wanna go to the theme park.  I have been to Epcot.  I went around the time that I had this tape.  My big memory was that the butter  was shaped like Mickey's head.  That was like what I remembered from Epcot.  So.  Oh, the little butter balls?  Yeah.  There were three of them?  It's for kids, yeah.  Oh, that's fun.  Did it occur to you like, is it here?  Did they still do, or were you,  or even like, I'm in the America area  where the show, the hallowed show happened?  Absolutely not.  I think in rewatching it,  well, I probably watched this special once a year or so.  Like it's one that I revisit a lot.  And watching it this last time as like,  a person who's more secure in my queerness  than I have been at various times,  I'm like, oh, this tape made me gay.  Like this obviously made me gay.  It's like beautiful, what would have at my time  been like adult women with like,  skin tight leggings and swimsuits  and very like ultra feminized features.  And then just like the ugliest men  you've ever seen in real life.  Yeah.  Just really awful looking guys.  Wearing like loose fitting shorts and baggy shirts  and like backwards baseball caps.  And I said, oh, okay, I get it.  Women pretty, guys, that's what they are.  Yeah, wow.  In a show that is meant to be the most glamorous man  and woman you could imagine.  And then the woman is a literal beauty pageant winner.  And then Ken is just,  Ken's just there.  And Alan, Jazzy, all of them.  I'm doing my thing today.  He's fine, he's fine,  but it's nothing to write home about.  Yeah.  And a lot of the women are doing very intense choreography.  Yes.  Like this is not phoned in like,  bounce jazz hands kind of like lazy theme park show.  This is like an intense show with like costume changes.  There's acro, there's like jumping  and flipping women over onto their shoulders and stuff.  Yeah, there's little, I don't know what to call it.  Little cars, little floats.  Multiple ones.  Little cars.  One aspect of Barbie's presence at Epcot  I wanted to mention was a big Barbie car.  There may have been a few.  I know that it's featured in this special.  It's what the hosts, Lisa and Stephanie, pull up in.  And I think that Barbie would get taken around in it too.  But they had a couple of bright pink vehicles.  One a little smaller and maybe open the top.  And then one, well I got a gigantic,  a really, really long limo.  Which I think was once Mickey's limo.  There was something called the limousine  that was used a lot around that time  and maybe went around the country too.  So I think they painted it pink.  But I think the other one, okay yes.  A 1970 Cadillac convertible that was used  to transport Barbie around Epcot  is now at the Volo Auto Museum in Volo, Illinois.  This is this car museum that we've talked about  near where Mike grew up that has,  so it has a lot of the like Chuck E. Cheese remnants.  And the like outcast strays of the animatronic world.  And I once again am bummed that you have no,  you're only, basically at some point,  Mike could have gone to visit his parents  and then gone to this.  And now his parents have moved.  So you would have to go only for,  which I do want you to do.  Well, maybe, did they have a performance space?  Could we do a live show from the Volo?  From the museum?  From the car.  Yeah, from the cars.  We drive the car around with mics?  Oh my God, to sit on, maybe not a seat,  but like sit on the top of the car  that Barbie had to carefully sit on  and not fall off of and do our show there.  That sounds great.  What's the black box theater situation at the Volo Museum?  What's the DIY venue?  I'm asking the same questions you are, sir.  We provide our own folding chairs.  Yeah.  We kicked off our live performance career  at a former sports authority  with a bunch of folding chairs.  So if they can do that, who knows what's  in the magical world of Volo?  Are the four little shavers there?  I think that's the garage.  Yeah, they are.  Yeah, other ones.  Yeah, yeah.  Those, they were original Chuck E. Cheese characters.  They were like a barbershop quartet.  Barbershop quartet, yeah.  So it's a multifaceted,  I think they would sometimes drive Barbie around  and you could meet Barbie in Barbie's car  that was refurbed from Mickey owning it.  Bunch of liquor stains.  You're gonna have to buy the lease.  I don't know how it works.  I'm gonna hardball.  But the main thing obviously is the show,  which is previewed a little bit  in the 1993 Disney Christmas Parade special,  which is the same one where they previewed  Epcot's Splashtacular, which we did an episode about.  That was just released on the main feed.  This insane show with the big robot dinosaurs  that came out of Planters  and Mickey had a gun called the Exterminator  that he would murder robot dinosaurs with.  And he has guards.  For Christmas.  Yeah, yeah, well, yes.  It was around.  I mean, it was mainly featured during the summer,  but they had to stop, like Santa's coming up,  but first, murderous Mickey.  Don't get too close, Santa.  Maybe hover around the Orlando area.  Maybe stay up above it.  It's very Mickey by way of Power Rangers or Common Rider.  There's like Starlight Express kind of metal guards.  What a time.  At the same special, Epcot's gonna have Splashtacular,  most bonkers show they ever did, and the Barbie show.  What, it's Epcot 94 peak.  We should just do an entire,  figure out what the hell else is going on at Epcot 94.  But of course, okay, so the show,  and we'll talk about the show  because it factors into the tape,  but the tape is the main thing and the main way  we remember it, which has a bunch of other facets to it too.  You can watch this on YouTube.  The user Rare Disney Treasures.  The tape could be achieved for one cent,  along with certain Barbies, Camp Barbie,  Happy Birthday Barbie, Glitter Hair Barbie,  which they show at the end of the tape.  It is most of the Barbies from the very end of the tape.  Are these at all of, oh, it is Bedtime Barbie.  Yes, they show them all.  Yeah, yeah, oh, right.  Glitter Hair Barbie seems like a disaster.  Oh yeah.  I believe my cousin had Glitter Hair Barbie  because I can smell it.  When I look at it, I can smell  that plastic glitter smell of it.  Was it, was now, did her hair just have a glitter effect  or was there actually loose glitter?  It's not loose, it's like a tube of goop,  of glitter goo with a little comb attached to the end  that you could brush so beautifully.  Yeah, it would work really well.  It works great, yeah.  And into your own hair, probably.  Yeah, I was gonna say, it would work, yeah, yeah.  I would imagine.  Locket Surprise Barbie, Bedtime Barbie,  and those are all plugged at the end.  It would be funny if you tried to do it on human hair  and it just dissolved.  Not ready for human hair.  Like highly alkaline or something.  Just turns into a gas and swirls away.  Turns your hair white, maybe.  Yeah.  The opening of the video, I mean, this thing comes in hot.  It comes in real high.  Wait, I forget, is there any appearance  of like stop motion Barbie at the beginning?  Or is that, you know, you wait to the end for that, right?  At the end for that, yes.  Okay.  She says goodbye to you, yeah.  Okay, yes, yeah, yeah.  Hosting a show called Barbie Today.  Hosting a morning show.  But it kicks off with this  and let me just do a little blast of this music.  ["Barbie Today"]  ["Barbie Today"]  That piece of music plays in a half hour video  approximately 400 times.  Yeah.  It's really great.  It does keep the energy up.  I was making me think a typical podcast,  the ride episode, we just sort of talk  and we move from topic to topic,  but I almost wanna try this as like if we're shifting topic,  it's like, well now, we're like,  okay, now let's talk about when Barbie stops  by all the nations in World Showcase.  ["Barbie Today"]  Call for the transition music, please, if you want,  or if you're feeling like kind of low on dopamine.  Okay, yeah.  In the special, it's really only interrupted  for kind of stereotypical ethnic stock music  to represent the various locations.  Like just if you typed Japanese music  into a sound effect library,  and it'd be like, okay, this is music.  The very first.  Yes.  Yeah, there's a lot of, there's one,  I think when they go to the China Pavilion,  there's a man doing beautiful calligraphy.  Yeah.  And it's like, could you make it say  happy birthday, Barbie, double happiness.  Double happiness.  On like a Hanes white t-shirt with the cardboard showing,  like the tape to cardboard,  and it's a size three X t-shirt for Barbie.  I don't know, she's gonna sleep in it or something.  She can cut other shirts out of it.  As my mother would often say when we were growing up,  it's like, oh, you can get it,  you can wear it around the house.  Like that.  Exactly.  We still do, Erin and I both get big old shirts.  I'm addicted to buying,  Jayden got me on buying vintage shirts.  I think I have a Tower of Terror one  and a Venom one coming.  How big are they?  Like XL.  Okay.  Yeah, X or double XL, something like that.  Yeah.  They're comfier.  But so that music, which is banging,  then in this case underscores,  we're getting our Epcot,  we're getting our flyovers of Spaceship Earth  and all the shots that I've seen so many times  because they're in every single thing.  All of the many, many videos  Disney produced around this time.  But then we get to our pink limousine  and we're like jump cutting through its arrival  and we meet our hosts, Lisa and Stephanie.  And here is a taste of their vibe.  Hi everybody, I'm Stephanie.  And I'm Lisa.  Are you ready to party with Barbie?  Party, party, party.  This is not just any party,  this is a birthday party for Barbie.  Barbie decided the best,  because her birthday celebration  was right here at Walt Disney World Epcot.  And best of all, we're going to watch a sneak preview  of an incredible new show,  the magical world of Barbie.  Love them.  Love them.  Queens, incredible.  I like to think that they gave really beautiful,  nuanced auditions and performances.  And then on the day the director was just like, more.  Give me more.  Scream the lines, blow out the microphones.  I can not hear you.  You're outside, project.  We were talking about this  with Jonathan Taylor Thomas recently,  where I was like, I miss a level of kid performance  where like obviously those kids  are comfortable delivering lines,  but they still sound like kids  versus like Disney Channel kids now  who have to be like very non-C, very well.  They have to be able to really know dynamics  as far as, they're too polished.  I miss the days of a screaming child.  I love specifically Stephanie's,  like she kind of misses a few.  Yes.  I'm so hungry.  I started to be, I started to love it.  Barbie's a good girl.  She's a good girl.  I love those, God.  And just like, boy, what a wall of screams.  It's just, oh boy.  That was exciting when you were a kid  and you saw other kids screaming about something.  Also, they get out of this beautiful limo  and then one of them,  I forget if it's Stephanie or Lisa,  is wearing like a denim vest with like rickrack  that like zigzaggy, like cheapo.  Like their outfits are cheap and ugly  for Barbie's big birthday.  They are not having them in sparkly pink outfits.  Like they can't overshadow.  Can't overshadow, yeah, yeah.  I do like them as kind of,  it feels like arts and crafts that they made.  It's like they made their clothes in school.  Yeah, big time.  I mean, I love the general,  it's vests both, one denim and the other  is like a quilt vest.  And then she, and that,  the quilt vest is over a pink shirt,  which is over a yellow shirt.  So we have so much going on.  And in the hair, like they have,  they each have five hairstyles going on  in different sectors of the head  and then a big scrunchie too.  I do love it.  It's big in my heart.  Does it beat blossoms, is like blossoms vest better?  I'm trying to remember what blossoms vest looks like.  I don't know what the general veneer of blossoms vest.  I'm not sure.  Blossoms was kind of a lot wardrobe wise.  Yeah.  That's a costume designer ensemble.  Like these look a little more janky,  a little more true.  Yeah, of course, of course.  They brought options.  They were not provided with wardrobe.  It was sort of, is it,  what was Clarissa's wardrobe?  Clarissa's wardrobe was pretty crazy.  Yeah, blossoms.  Blossoms have fun hats.  Yeah, blossom, but I think it was more of a simpler  kind of a vest situation.  But the clothes themselves were a little more understated.  Clarissa, I feel the, yeah, look,  she's wearing like five different vibes.  Yeah, that's much closer.  Which I liked, that was the room too.  She was the coolest kid on TV.  Yeah, the neighbor.  Allison, Alex Mack?  You thought she was cooler than Alex Mack?  Alex Mack came along later.  I think Clarissa had been-  I like Alex Mack too, absolutely.  Yeah, I liked Alex Mack too.  Clarissa was cooler,  but you might be talking to some older men here.  I think that might be part of it.  What was the hang on?  I don't think that applies here.  No, Alex Mack clothing wise is a little more like  big flannel, big backwards cap.  Yeah, she was cool.  I'm not saying she wasn't cool.  I liked the, yeah, yeah,  maybe not as like stylistically old  is what I'm remembering.  But I'd have to look at all the,  I'd have to see all the wardrobe cap.  They were all cooler than me, that's for sure.  I admire their coolness. No doubt about that.  And her power, her struggle with her powers.  I don't think I would have handled having powers  as well as she did.  I would like to personally commend Alex Mack  on her handling of her powers.  Despite she had the chemical plant after her too.  So she's handling the pressure that comes from the powers too.  Alex Mack was just a T1000, right?  Well, and Blossom's brother was struggling with addiction.  So she also had challenges.  Yeah, that's true too.  And that's just as hard.  Wow.  And Clarissa always had a drifter  putting a ladder up to her window.  That's right.  So they all had their problems.  That I love their love.  I thought that was cool.  Like, oh, look, they're both kind of weird.  That's fun.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  No, I loved, as Clarissa,  as the word Clarissa never been said on this show.  I don't think we've ever talked about Clarissa  and we've been doing this for six years.  Years after the fact.  Yeah, I agree with you that Jason,  I was like, I'm not nearly as cool as her,  nor will I ever meet a girl as cool as her.  I set my standards.  How did you feel about Sabrina then?  Did it transfer over?  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I was gonna say, I don't think it did.  Yeah, yeah, I don't know.  Really?  I don't know, was Sabrina cool?  I don't know if Sabrina was cool.  Sabrina wasn't not cool.  Sabrina hung out with Britney Spears though,  which is cool.  Yeah, that is cool.  I didn't watch Sabrina,  I didn't watch the show very much.  She has magic powers.  And you don't think she's cool?  But she didn't have the vibe.  What's the different category of cool?  We're talking about the more worldly cool,  like do you dress cool?  Well, of course powers are cool.  I like Sabrina.  But we were just saying Alex Mack is cool,  that's what power is.  I'm almost like branching,  this is so insane to do.  I'm almost branching different connections,  different definitions of cool.  Of course power, what's cooler than powers?  Yeah, what's the X axis and the Y axis  of like having power, real world cool,  where do they all land?  The cool, the nexus of that is cool clothes and cool power.  If you have all of it, you got everything.  I like Sabrina, but I loved Caroline Ray and Salem  because they were funny.  What about Anna Hilda?  Just Zelda?  Beth Broderick, that's her name, Beth Broderick.  The other aunt was very funny too.  I think I like the supporting cast more.  But you're not talking about cool now,  you're just saying you enjoyed.  Or you're saying you like the supporting cast more,  which I think proves that it didn't fully transfer  the coolness as far as close to Sabrina.  She had pretty good timing.  Oh, you're saying because same actress.  Yeah, that's what we're talking about.  Okay, all right, I see.  I was focused on the fictional persona,  I was just like, well.  And then you so definitively said, yes, it did transfer.  Well, I think it turns a vibe.  I think the vibe transferred.  This is Jason's learning about actors today.  I totally forgot, I was just as a kid  and I just was so into the show,  I just bought the reality so hard.  That is Sabrina.  I think Clarissa might be the coolest.  I'm really trying to figure this out  as there was a cooler girl on TV.  Punky, Punky's too young.  Punky's not a part of this.  Yeah, I didn't watch that.  Maybe it's syndication, but I don't know if Punky's cool.  You haven't seen the one where she learns  about how you should say no to drugs.  Because that was pretty cool of her to stand up  to the popular kids and say no to drugs.  Yeah, you're right.  The coolest thing at the end of the day,  if I learned anything from NBC president Brandon Tartakov,  saying no to drugs.  Was there an Alex Mack gag early on  where she transforms into a puddle  and then she re-transformed into a human  but is naked behind barrels?  She didn't know how to transform into clothes.  I think that was probably a pivotal coming of age moment.  I certainly don't know what you're talking about  and that didn't also occur to me as a major moment.  I wanted that episode to be back on.  Oh my gosh.  Keep in mind, this is the most innocent,  this is the most covered from below shoulders situation  you've ever seen.  We were young.  I'm a year older than you guys,  so I don't remember the thing they're talking about, actually.  So I think I just didn't watch it as much.  You should think that Sabrina is cool  because the Sabrina soundtrack has your favorite songs,  the Sugar Ray, no, who does the cover of Abra Cadabra?  Sugar Ray.  It is Sugar Ray.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  It was a band, 10,000 Maniacs?  Is that what they're called?  That's a band, yeah.  Do you remember the episode of Sabrina  with 10,000 Maniacs?  I don't.  10,000 Maniacs was in it?  It's Halloween, obviously a huge day for Sabrina  but all the popular kids are going  to the popular girls party  and so Sabrina does some magic to get people  to come to her party.  Meanwhile, the aunts have bought new furniture  for the house and it's talking furniture  and they didn't know.  And so the furniture's can't stop talking.  So Sabrina's trying to have this cool party  but the furniture can't stop talking.  You know who will fix this?  10,000 Maniacs.  So she zaps them in to perform for the party.  I gotta catch up on Sabrina.  Yeah.  Is that an, I mean, covering all of Sabrina  is very daunting but musical cameos.  Yeah, please come back.  We'll schedule your next one right here and now.  Animal Kingdom episode.  There was an Animal Kingdom tie in.  Yes, Sabrina wins Disney World.  You're correct, it is on topic.  They did get musical acts in it  because wasn't Britney there in a magic way?  Did NSYNC show up?  I don't know.  They had a lot of musicians, I feel.  I didn't even know what this 10,000 Maniacs was.  RuPaul, RuPaul is like the judge in the other realm.  Yeah.  Wow, okay.  Was Brian Setzer ever on?  If so, I'm out.  Episode canceled.  No more of that.  Okay, so Lisa and Stephanie tell us a lot  very quickly and very loudly  but if you go back and re-listen a couple times  and just try to maybe slow it down, do it at .5%,  then you know that Barbie's going on a world tour  which is that world showcase at all the different nations  and this point Lisa and Stephanie split up  and Stephanie is gonna go cover  all the world showcase stuff.  She's gonna see what, find some gifts for Barbie  around the world and Lisa's gonna focus  on the behind the scenes of the stage show  and you might think, well, they're screwed.  They're never gonna find each other again.  No, they thought of this.  They have bright pink cell phones.  Got your Barbie cell phone?  Check.  They like suit up kind of sequence and then.  And Stephanie has a camcorder  and Lisa does not wanna be recorded by that camcorder  even though they are being televised.  There are multiple cameras on them  in a professional capacity.  She's talking to a bigger, more intimidating camera  but maybe the more intimate one makes her uncomfortable.  Very strange.  Well, I guess with that, let's talk about some of the scenes  where Lisa goes behind the scenes at the show.  Hi everybody, I'm Stephanie.  Oh, wrong one.  I didn't do the instrumental.  Okay, look, I'm gonna get this down to a science, I will.  Okay, well, I'll get my clips together.  So Lisa says, I can't think of anything more exciting  than a large musical stage show starring Barbie  and she has me there.  Absolutely and then she gets to go talk  to the art director of the show, Rhonda Counts.  Incredible name.  Really good name.  Yeah, yeah.  I mean, I don't remember anything in particular about that  other than that you work at Disney, you're an Imagineer.  You work at Disney World and on top of that  you get to do a Barbie thing.  You get to design, both of these costume designers  because the costumes are stellar.  I think they completely, of course everybody's freaking out  about any shots you're seeing of the Greta Gerwig  but it's not the excitement that they are tapping  into this early 90s thing in such a big bold way.  They're doing it straight to the source.  This wardrobe is, they really nail it.  They don't have the most production value maybe,  they don't have the biggest budget  in terms of giant stage pieces  but there is just a really good kind of flat  with a couple of pillars and a couple of spheres on top  in pastel colors and that's all I need.  I love them and Jason's little cars that he mentioned.  Very little, there's like a coach  that turns into something else.  I love those little, Barbie's entrance in the little,  like Ken kind of peels out a little in the little car.  Yeah, I would say, this might land more  in the full video of the show.  Oh, okay, yeah, yeah.  Because I only saw the cut down in the VHS.  But what, all right, so we see some behind the scenes stuff.  Then we get some like regional flavor.  We get pinatas in Mexico and origami in Japan.  Stephanie says that the origami is really beautiful  just like Barbie.  Oh, and then there's a part where she's showing  the like mobile that she has made of origami  and she goes, it even has a colorful ball at the end.  The most exciting thing is that there's a colorful ball.  Like Epcot.  It's very, it's a pink, gray ball.  It's colorful.  It's the Geodesic Dome, do you get it?  There's impressive balls everywhere here.  This is another great clip where then Lisa  goes to get her hair done backstage  or she's like checking out how Barbie's hair gets done  and then the hair person makes her the offer of a lifetime.  Wouldn't it be fun to have someone fix your hair  all the time?  I heard what you were saying.  I wanted the hairstylist for the Barbie show.  I have some free time now.  Would you like me to fix your hair?  Wow, how cool.  Could you really do that?  Sure, let's look at it.  I have a fun idea.  This is too cool.  Stephanie will be so surprised.  While I get my hair done,  let's see some of Barbie's new looks for a show.  I'm curious if any of you remembered  the difference in her hair before and after  she got her hair done.  No, that's exactly what I said.  There was a big reveal and I didn't know  what was different about it.  Slightly curly.  Yeah, okay.  Because you're expecting like a beehive or something.  Yeah, yeah.  Colors or something.  Yeah, glitter in her hair.  No, yeah, so mild makeover,  but then the excitement doesn't stop  because then Stephanie's calling  because there's a surprise  and you gotta get over here.  Okay, what's the surprise?  I got here as fast as I could.  And then this is where Lisa and Stephanie's interests  dovetail with Jason's interests  because they realize they get to go on a boat.  They go on an Epcot boat, the friendship boats.  And I was watching this like,  this is I think is as excited as Jason  would have been then or now.  Yeah, for the boat, the friendship boats,  not the one that goes to the hotels  and has lots of stuff,  the one in Epcot that just goes pretty much  in a straight line across the water.  They also include the audio of them being like,  we gotta get on that boat,  but the boat's gonna leave in like 30 seconds.  I'm like, stop, don't leave without us,  we gotta get on that boat.  There's no one in line.  There's a couple.  There's never anyone in line for that.  It takes longer to get to the other side  if you go on the boat than it does to walk.  Wait, Jason, could you say another,  a fact or something about those boats,  but really any boat that you like,  and then say, but just like really high energy  and then end it with let's go.  Whatever you say, just end it with let's go.  Can I say the actual fact I said  that Jane and I were watching this  and she is literally falling asleep  and I just real excitedly went,  did you know you can fish in Epcot on that body?  What if you can schedule it and get there?  It's before the park opens.  Let's go.  Ketch and release.  There's lots of places you can fish  around Walt Disney World.  Wow, Jason, I was so excited that I got to see  all the incredible spots where you could fish  and hear it at Epcot Center.  Yeah.  That's what we should do when we do a redo port of entry.  That's how we should do it the format.  Jason just shouts stuff about port of entry.  At island of adventure.  Wow, let's go.  Wow, a Cinnabon, you can get a sweet roll  with a bunch of goo on top.  Let's go.  I'm gonna put it on the end of a hook  and try to catch any number,  catch any number of bottom feeders in this water,  which has not been cleaned.  Jason, have you ever been in the Starbucks  or Cinnabon that you're talking about?  No, I've never stepped foot in any of the buildings.  All right, let's go.  Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.  Uh.  And well, and then like you would think  that they would need to take it down a notch  after the trip on the boat during which  that music plays the entire time.  But as they land and the excitement only has to ramp up  because you'll never guess what they find.  Happy birthday, Barbie.  Wow, look at all these friends of Barbie.  They're here for Barbie's birthday.  And guess what?  They're making their own personal birthday card for Barbie.  What a great idea.  What a great surprise, Stephanie.  Thanks.  You're welcome.  Thanks.  There's some like specific tones that are so unpleasant  just like separated.  It's fine when it's a full sentence,  but like, thanks.  There's like a, there's one part of it where you go,  ooh, that's too much for my ear.  Imagine your loved one being like,  I have something really special for you  when I sort of four children do the craft.  Thanks.  Happy birthday, cards for you.  Wow, what a great idea.  It's always nice to get cards,  but I wish that were screaming at me less.  Could they make me maybe some special ear muffs?  And these cards that they're making,  they're not art directed.  They're the cards of a child.  They don't look good.  There's a lot of lifting of them.  It's like, wow, it's so pink.  Barbie's gonna love that.  It's just like some trash glued to construction paper.  This card is 70% glue.  The card is soggy.  Let's go.  It'll never survive in the floor to eat.  I made you this card.  Please take it off my hands.  I'm getting dizzy.  Glue doesn't work in Orlando.  The glitter glue is even more toxic than the Elbers.  And the excitement only continues  because then you head over to Italy  and we get a big eating spaghetti montage.  My God, sped up.  Yeah.  I've talked to at least two other adult women  who learned how to eat spaghetti from this special.  Wow, really?  So you put the spin on your fork and on your spoon.  And that's how you do it.  And then I didn't eat spaghetti as a child.  It's a whole thing.  We don't have time for it.  But the first time I had long pasta,  they served it to me with a spoon on the side.  I said, oh, you put the spin on your spork  and on your spoon.  And I did it.  And then I read that that's for children.  So I stopped doing it.  Whoa.  Oh, is that right?  Is that just to like, I mean, I guess  I'm not typically doing the spoon along with the fork.  That is just to make it controlled for children  to learn that.  Jason, how are you doing that when you're eating spaghetti?  Please be good.  Please be the same.  Please be not normal.  I was just kind of cutting a little,  like he cut a salad so the pieces are not as long.  Damn it.  Not just not big slurps like a cartoon dog.  Well, there's probably some slurps, you know,  depends on how saucy.  No, it's all right.  Sounds like a normal way to say it.  Sorry to disappoint you.  For an adult man.  I don't have the coordination to do the fork and spoon thing.  I was always jealous.  I mean, we were really hoping,  well, I put my head into the plate  and I just start sucking.  Like we were hoping for something as insane as that.  Like a slob.  You were hoping like I was like a little baby slob.  Well, that was just one version of what it could have been.  It didn't necessarily need to be a slob.  But like, oh, it was like,  well, I take out my spaghetti fork and then we're like,  well, what's that?  And it's a different fork you had like commissioned  or something.  That's another version that would have been great.  I would have been happy with that as well.  I think I was a tri-color routine kid, mostly.  What is that?  Tri-color routine.  It was like the school lunch pasta.  That's how it was.  The spiral yellow, red, green.  It's a way to get just the smallest amount of spinach  in your child's diet.  Yeah.  Otherwise not.  I love the spinach ones.  Didn't really like spinach,  but I liked the spinach pasta.  Oh, I thought I might've fallen for the trick  the whole time.  I like maybe didn't know till right now.  I'm learning all kinds of.  Caroline, you're teaching us so many good spaghetti mix.  Let's go.  I mean, I can't believe this,  but I think if you're narrating the events of the tape,  we're kind of at the show,  unless we missed anything.  But I think, cause they got to devote some time to that.  Ultimately you got to see part of these.  Yeah, there's just the four countries,  Mexico, Japan, China,  and Italy.  We got them all.  There is a town crier.  Oh yes.  Oh yeah, yeah.  I feel like I didn't care for that part.  I didn't want to listen to this type.  Maybe I like,  one kind of yelling in this was charming enough,  but that his kind,  I can't deal with a different type of yelling.  An adult yelling is less appealing.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I can't switch between the registers.  But we now get to the show.  We get to the magical world of Barbie,  which I really like the choice  that Lisa and Stephanie narrated from a pageant.  They're at the table that's arbitrarily up in the audience.  That's always the move.  Yeah, yeah.  They're so excited to go see it,  but then ultimately they,  yeah, we got to work.  It's for work.  They have to turn their backs to it  and run it like the Macy's parade.  But they're dedicated broadcast professionals  and they do it.  But the,  I mean, the song is at the beginning, right?  Isn't it?  I mean, so we got to talk about the song.  And I guess I will play a clip of-  Some kind of sample throughout.  Yes. Yeah, yeah.  Okay.  ["Barbie's World"]  Barbie's world,  there's no limitations.  Barbie's world,  there's nothing you can't do.  Barbie's world,  use your imagination  and make your dreams come true.  Come with us right this way.  Come with us, let's go play Barbie's world.  It almost sounds like a Sonic the Hedgehog level  like background music.  And I mean that in a good way.  Because they'll have those like little subtle horns  and sometimes in a Sonic background.  You guys know what I'm talking about?  I know what you're talking about.  Just, it's a high compliment to a piece of music.  Well, it reminds me of all any of them  like late 80s, early 90s music I like with horns.  It's like Toto and Go West and the DuckTales theme.  And if Disney was getting a horn section around this time,  you knew they meant business.  I mean, what a song.  I mean, when we were talking about doing this, Carol,  you sort of proved your fan merits  with Instagram message of yes, yeah, yeah.  A great acapella rendition of the song.  So clearly this part blingers with you.  This is a great song to you.  And as Jason can confirm in the show,  this is the hook for every transition.  I think there's like two or three other songs that they do,  but it's mostly just this song  through the whole 30 minute show.  Okay, well, I guess get your money's worth out of it.  If you wrote a great one.  I like it a lot.  And it has that, I mean, I love it  because it's Barbie vibe,  but it's so Disney around that time too.  Like DuckTales, it sounds a lot like a lot of those,  but there's some of that like phantasmic,  like your dreams coming true and that style of harmony.  And I feel like they deployed some real enunciating singing,  come with us right this way,  come with us, let's all play.  The male singers especially just really,  little nasal really pronounce all that.  There's a lot going on in that.  Really love it.  That's pure magic.  And that's part of the theme park experience,  I feel like is like you're going to a special place  that is not where you get to spend all of your childhood.  It's just only on the most special days.  And the songs remind you about how magical your day is.  The wonders and the sights you're seeing.  Those songs like this are so pure.  I do love to imagine the composer thinking about all that  as he's like putting it down.  He's like, this is going to be the best day  of this child's life.  I need this to stick with them.  I need it to.  Yelling at the horn section during the recording.  Kids need to hear these beautiful horns  and you're fucking up, not magical enough.  Make it magical.  Gun like Phil Spector.  Yeah, yeah.  It's so great.  Barbie arrives and I don't, let's, okay.  If I say loaded, tough to choose,  best wardrobe of the show.  Because I think it might be, though the gown at the end  is really, the pink sparkly gown  is pretty perfect and classic.  What she comes out in, this pink denim,  bolero cutoff top, underneath she's wearing a shirt  that Prince would wear.  Yeah, that Prince wore in the mountains music video.  But then on top of that, perfectly flared,  achy breaky heart era, butt pink.  The first wardrobe, oh my god.  Yeah, ankle socks and a platform sneaker.  Just total, yeah.  Perfect, perfect.  But does any other wardrobe top that in anyone's eyes?  I, well, the last song, the gown she comes out in at the end,  I know it makes sense for the top,  but everyone else is wearing very fashion show.  Like Euro.  Kind of Euro outfits and then she comes out  dressed like Linda the Good Witch.  So it's a little.  Yeah, it's not that one.  That one's too generic, I feel.  But of course, I mean, big one to go out on.  Yeah, of course.  Yeah.  Yeah, the first one is the coolest one.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I don't think.  That's one of those, I don't know.  There's just like in 90s stuff  because it's what you grew up with.  And then you look at that and I think just objectively,  we lived in that world where people dress like,  maybe only Barbie in a theme park show,  but where it was possible to put that wardrobe together  and we threw that world away for what?  What did we choose instead?  This is where I commend Greta Gerwig  for styling the movie in this way.  You could see everybody's losing their minds  to see giant movie stars in clothes like this.  And with good reason, it's a hell of a style.  It is funny, I didn't even think about it until just now  that it's obviously firmly in the 90s Barbie,  which there's like a classic Barbie  that was iconic in its own way,  but clearly the 90s one is,  obviously you're doing it for younger people,  not people that are 70 or 80,  but that still does sort of prove what you're saying  that how impactful that fashion  and the colors of the 90s were to do it specifically there,  which is the right decision.  Well, it reminds me of earlier in the special  when she's talking to the art director,  she's like, well, we made all of the vehicles transform  because all of Barbie's things transform.  It's like, I think just all toys  in the late 80s, early 90s transformed.  I don't think that's a Barbie thing.  I think that's just like,  that was what toys had to do at the time.  Barbie transformed, there were no other toys  that transformed.  Nothing I can think of.  You think of the word transform, you think of what toy.  Barbie, of course.  Yeah, I mean, so vehicles are great, clothes are great.  This was the clip that Amanda was like,  well, you have to talk about.  She posted the, the living in the land of Oz song.  This is time for Jason and I.  So that song was much different in the actual show.  So in the VHS tape was filmed during previews  before Thanksgiving 93,  and then went through a huge amount of rewrites.  That song hugely different.  And the main difference is that they're sort of  a rock and roll koala with sunglasses  and two stars in the number.  I'm making a, here, let me get it right.  I'm making a Macaulay Culkin face.  Are you happy motherfuckers?  So many comments, Lord.  What had you been saying?  Macaulay.  And you guys never brought it up,  I think partially because who gives a shit.  I noted it during the episode,  but I actually doubted my own pronunciation.  Yes, nobody.  Macaulay.  I acted like that was the most obvious one in the world.  Caroline, I'm fine about this.  I'm fine about these.  Clearly. Sit down.  I'm well adjusted.  Sit down.  No, I'm standing up for energy.  I'm trying to keep the energy up.  The show, you know, talking about all the changes,  the show goes around the world a lot.  And the thing I honed in on Australia  is that it samples the Australian folk song  Waltzing Matilda a lot.  Yes, absolutely it does.  It's an interpolation.  It's really cool.  The chorus morphs into it,  but then the lyrics are like Barbie's Waltzing Matilda.  Waltzing Matilda is like a war song.  It's like sort of a serious song.  So a koala plays Waltzing Matilda?  Yeah, wait a minute.  We kind of went past, yes, we got distracted.  We need to talk about the koala.  Yeah, you're right.  Oh my God, I'm starting to distract.  There's a koala in the one sequence.  There's a gorilla in a later one.  And then they call him a monkey.  But does the koala sing this song?  The koala is playing the guitar.  He's wearing sunglasses.  And he's about like midge height.  He's like halfway to Barbie,  but in a full like mascot suit.  And they're kind of,  so the plot in the Epcot series is some sort of like,  and we're presenting you an award  for a friend of the animals.  And then they just sing the song.  But in this version,  there's an evil guy who's trying to kill the koala  because of some reason.  Yeah, he's pretty mad about it.  And he shows up in Africa, in the jungle, I think too.  The same villain recurse.  But it's like, Barbie's like, hey, don't kill a koala.  He's just trying his best.  And then to repay her,  he plays a rock and roll version of this song for her.  Oh, here we go.  Okay, I got it now.  Oh, and I love when it's like a,  it's a mascot character, but with a real guitar,  not a cartoon he could break.  None of that.  It's not one of those inflatable, you know,  Chuck E. Cheese bullshit guitars.  This is like, yeah, this is really different.  And lots of dancers and we're doing the swim and stuff.  This is fun.  Do you think improved?  That's a great question.  It does, before they go to Australia,  there is a really strange moment.  I don't know if you also honed in on this of that.  They're like, where in the world should we go?  And then one of the black dancers is like,  we should go to Africa.  And Barbie's like, nah.  And then one of the white dancers is like,  what about Australia?  And she's like, that's a great idea.  Barbie.  Yikes, oh my God.  Optics had been invented in 1994.  That's by the way, it's been weighing on me  that I chose the name Brad as the most boring one  out of the list a while ago.  And then upon Googling it,  discovered that Brad is black.  That's not why I was dismissive of Brad.  What ethnicity is Jazzy?  I thought it was kind of a boring name.  What's that?  What's Jazzy's ethnicity?  I don't know.  We have to look at the Wikipedia.  Jazzy.  I was trying to find the name  if Barbie had like a canonical koala with a name.  I don't think I can find it,  but I did find that there's a Sonic the Hedgehog character  named Barbie Koala.  Oh.  So I was a character I was not familiar with.  And do you wanna talk about extended universes?  Sonic the Hedgehog, all those supporting characters,  all those pranks and shadow.  I know the ones from my childhood  from the first couple of years,  but then like I get to Amy and I'm gone.  I don't know past Amy.  I don't know, I know Amy and then whoever's after that.  I know before I know Rotor  and I know the guy with the kind of like a French  like Colonel's outfit and I forget his name.  I know Sally.  I know Tails.  But yeah, after that, no, I'm a little lost.  Do we get a prize if we name our 200th name  from the 90s in this episode?  I hope so, please.  We get number 200.  Somebody count them.  I hope so.  Well, that's a cool number.  I mean, either way, The Land of Oz,  I think is working out great.  And then you check in with Lisa, the hosts.  We hope you're loving the show as much as we are.  I'm glad we checked in.  Appreciate that.  Oh, at this point,  this would be real time discovering the horror  that I did not pull the clip of the song, The Barbie Touch.  Oh really?  What was I doing?  Don't worry, I can sing it.  You've got the time.  Oh please.  Barbie touch.  All you've gotta do is accessorize.  It's a, it's a, it's the latest fashion craze.  You've got the Barbie touch.  You can touch it up.  You can touch it down.  Barbie touch it up.  It is a great song.  Wow, yay.  Thank you so much.  Thank you, Caroline.  That was like a little contrived movie moment  with like, everybody's getting here to the party,  but the stereo's broken.  Yeah.  What are you gonna do?  I'm gonna call it in 10,000 maniacs.  Oh yeah.  Thanks for being our 10,000 maniacs.  I mean, that's awesome.  The Barbie touch.  That is that like nasally,  the Barbie touch.  All you gotta do is.  Is it time to talk about the actor who played Kim  in this production?  Absolutely.  Sure, yeah.  Do you know that there's a documentary about him  on Amazon Prime?  What a reveal.  That is a reveal.  He, as of the documentary,  just had his 43rd consecutive contract at Walt Disney World.  He went there for the college program and has not left.  Wow.  And it's called The Happiest Man on Earth  because he is the happiest man on Earth.  Oh, I did see that.  Yeah, he was a cast member for like decades and decades.  Yeah, yeah.  A guy with a wife and kids.  The children are aspiring theme park performers  according to his Instagram,  which I've spent some time on.  Yeah, and a lot of his identity is like tied up in,  being Ken in this seminal production.  Does that like his like claimed,  if there was an IMDB for theme park performers,  would that be the number one thing probably?  I think so, yeah.  Yeah.  But he's obviously has done a million things  if he's been there that long.  Yeah, but I have to wonder like,  when you're a young man,  theme park performer,  who is like a face character,  like can sing and dance and stuff,  like you have the princes.  And then like,  what do you do until you're like the dad care,  or like, you know,  I don't know that he's like playing Geppetto  or something like that.  I'm Geppetto is like a mask.  Yeah, exactly.  Maybe he is, but that's not the glory of Ken or a prince.  Yeah, exactly.  I wonder who the oldest prince,  like what oldest actor who ever played a prince is.  Oldest.  Is there an internal age that they don't like write down,  but they know?  It's like once you're 37, over.  And maybe it's lower.  Are you asking about your sit?  Do you wanna know if you can be a prince?  Was it 39?  Cause I don't know.  Maybe.  Oh yeah.  The world, like the oldest,  the oldest like Prince Eric.  Wow. Wow. Yeah.  Kids are like,  Prince Eric, that looks different.  He looks, he looks tired.  He makes noises when he stands up and sits down.  It's like, yeah.  He's Prince Eric, like on the off season.  Or the off time.  Quite a Maurice yet.  Like if you go at 8 a.m.  Yeah, if you go to 8 a.m.  they have like a 50 year old Prince Eric  until like 11.  And then like a hot young Prince Eric.  He wants to get it done early too.  Yeah.  It goes like to bed.  Early to bed, early to rise.  Right, right.  He's part time.  Yeah.  That's interesting.  Billy Flanagan. Billy Flanagan.  The happiest man on earth.  Oh wait.  And we overlooked that.  I mentioned that, that Barbie was a pageant winner,  but specifically they were having trouble finding Barbie.  And then they were,  and then the Disney people were watching  the Miss America pageant and found Miss Oregon,  Elizabeth Simmons, the third runner up.  So she didn't win that pageant,  but she won the role of a lifetime.  Yeah.  Except that she then kind of immediately didn't do the role.  It was a Beth mix something.  Was the woman who did it for the majority of the show.  So it was Elizabeth Simmons for the VHS tape.  And then pretty promptly was a different actor.  Who has done a couple of really interesting podcasts  about all the rewrites of the show.  And that it was originally written  with all of this like point work.  And she was not a ballet dancer.  And they were like,  oh, we're gonna bring in a body double for those parts.  But then those parts got cut.  Yeah.  Interesting.  Do you know why, what was she replaced?  Or the original actress?  I do not know that.  Interesting.  Or she left.  Creative differences.  You also said that you at some point in your adult life  have looked up the whereabouts of Lisa and Stephanie.  Yeah. You were talking about Facebook groups earlier.  I too, back in my Facebook days, loved a Facebook group.  And I did find like a Facebook group for aficionados  of this special in particular.  And Lisa and Stephanie were both members of it.  The actors, their real names are not Lisa and Stephanie.  But I think one was like in nursing school.  They sometimes would talk to each other.  Yeah.  Since then their socials have been a little,  I don't know if they're just swarmed with fans  with the popularity of Barbie  that they all had to go on private.  But yeah.  People are so much more accessible on like Facebook  than you would imagine even to like.  And now the only example I have is I think he passed away.  But my mom's like, you know Tony Dow from Leave It To Beaver  is very active on various 60s Facebook groups.  And she'll be like, oh, I responded  to one of his comments the other day.  He played Wally on Leave It To Beaver.  Okay.  Kind of an important character.  Very important.  Yeah.  But not too important to talk to their fans.  Of course, yeah.  So yeah, that doesn't surprise me that they're there.  Yeah.  Did you ever directly interact or no?  No.  No, I immediately went to,  are you guys familiar with the We Sing series?  Yeah.  I have directly interacted with Silly Whim  from We Sing in Sillyville,  who I guess lives in Houston now.  And I had a mutual friend  with my first high school ex-boyfriend, Max Castillo.  I said, Max, how do you know Silly Whim?  And he was like, oh, we like did this thing together.  So I sent her a DM and said,  hey, Silly Whim is really important to me.  Wow.  I don't know that she responded.  What is this series?  Can you like sum it up in his sentence?  I had one of, I think We Sing in Sillyville  is the one that my wife Erin grew up.  I think this one was a big one for her  unless I'm mistaken.  Yeah.  I had a different Sillyville.  Do you have Big Rock Candy Mountain?  That was another really, really big one.  Grandpa's Attic maybe.  Maybe grandpa, or was that hers?  I don't know.  Silly Whim, okay.  Let's see.  Well, there's a big tree with a face.  So I don't like that.  Oh, then you will not enjoy the We Sing series.  Oh no.  Oh geez.  That's the main facet of it.  The We Sing series was a series created,  an educational series created by some music educators,  the best people to create a series  that said, we need to be teaching children folk songs  and public domain music.  These children only want to sing copyrighted songs.  And so it's a series of sort of  my favorite kind of entertainment,  which is like adults in mascot costumes,  and then also adults not in mascot costumes  and sort of painted sets.  Oh yeah, yeah.  Like doing like really rudimentary theatrical,  like, you know.  Real quick, just that question.  We'll go right back to this.  Do you, are you a Zoobly Zoo fan?  Oh, of course I am.  Okay, good.  Everyone here, time for the fun to begin.  Come along with us.  Oh yeah, big time.  A Shelly Duvall's Fairytale Theater.  Any of that stuff is big time my vibe.  And so in We Sing in Sillyville,  the colors aren't getting along.  So it's the red bitty booties  and the green spurtle gurgles  and the twirly pops and the purple poshes  getting along with everyone still.  But so these two children are transported  into a coloring book to help silly women figure out  how to make all the colors get along again.  Wow.  That's sort of the plot.  Okay.  Mine is We Sing Together,  which has like a mouse lady and a bear guy.  He's a little Zoobly Zoo.  Okay.  This one was kind of frightening.  I haven't seen these.  I don't think.  There's a big teapot probably for that one,  you know, the public domain teapot song.  I'm a little teapot.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't know why I couldn't think of the name.  You know, the teapot song.  Teapot song.  Yeah, they tried to sort of like,  like Grandpa's Addicts are like songs a grandpa would like.  And then Silly Wim is silly songs.  So it's like the I'm a nut, I'm a nut, I'm a nut.  If you know that one or like a one bottle of pop,  two bottle of pop, all these classic silly songs.  And then Big Rock Candy Mountain is like folk songs.  So it's like Big Rock Candy Mountain  and like more kind of a American South based music.  Skip to my Lou.  Oh, sure.  Yeah, yeah.  Oh, Nobody Knows the Troubles I've Seen.  That's one's in that.  Really?  That's the Little Bunny Foo Foo sings that  after he's turned into a goon  for Bipopping the Measy Mouse he sings.  Okay.  Nobody's known the trouble I've seen.  I learned about a recent thing that's popular with kids  nowadays on YouTube called Skibbity Toilet recently,  which is like a CGI head that comes out of a toilet  and kind of screams things at people.  What's the name of this?  Skibbity Toilet.  Okay.  Skibbity Toilet.  And it, yeah, it's a little horrifying.  Oh, I don't like that.  It's a little.  A little?  Yeah, it's a little.  It's like a ventriloquist dummy CGI head.  It's a little Slender Man-y.  It's a little.  And kids like this or they're afraid of him?  I think it's, I think he might be the villain.  The villain I hope so.  I think there's some other creatures  who have like cameras for heads and TVs for heads.  Is he trying to pull you into the toilet world with him?  Is that his game?  I'm not really sure.  Does he, I hate to be crude, does he drink your pee?  I don't, I think he mostly sings,  he sounds like Spoon Man, like,  or what's the Skibbity, what's the?  The Scat Man?  Yeah, he sounds a little like a more high-pitched Scat Man.  Everything you say that's designed to make this more clear  is making me more confused.  I don't understand it either.  To me it seemed like the YouTube stuff  from like five or six years ago of like CG.  Johnny Johnny Yes Poppy, that one?  Oh yes.  Oh yeah.  Crack a Deal.  Telling lies, is that that one?  Yeah, yeah.  It seemed like along those lines.  So it might just be viruses that infect people.  Okay.  Both their computers and their brains.  Oh, so maybe a virus might have made this video.  A virus might have fully produced this video.  It's very possible.  We're there in this world.  But it's probably similar to quote unquote,  oh, all the new AI, which is really just like  people doing data entry for pennies on the dollar,  like around the world and just feeding in the-  Spoiled the magic of AI.  I spoiled the magic.  I also think you said this two weeks ago on the show.  You said exactly this on the show.  Future five timer.  The toilet man is the, is people programming?  Toilet man is the way in.  Yeah, sort of seemingly,  whatever those early Barbie CG direct to video things,  they just took that technology  and kept some Windows XP machines running.  And now they use it.  Are we allowed to leave the episode  without mentioning the video  where Barbie meets Harvey Weinstein?  No.  Has everybody seen this?  No, we're not allowed.  This clip.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't have it ready to go.  It's really, I forget if it's Barbie or Barbie's friends.  Midge, that's who knocked her out.  It might be, oh no, poor Midge.  Midge got in on one of the lawsuits.  It's so insane.  It is absolutely bonkers to watch.  All these girls on a Hollywood set, no, who is that?  You don't know who that is?  That's Harvey Weinstein,  the biggest producer in Hollywood.  He's always up on the stage during the Oscars.  Hello girls, hey, keep your dreams alive.  Maybe you could.  And then they animate him to be like,  he looks like the animated Superman from the 90s.  They beautify him so thoroughly.  The famously dashing, barrel-chested Harvey Weinstein.  Barbie's friend Harvey.  You can get him to the toy aisle.  He hangs out with Alan Sherwood a lot.  And he has friends too.  Bob.  Well, Quentin says he's not his friend now,  but I think Quentin was his friend once.  I'm just waiting for the Comic-Con where Bob pops up.  Have we heard about Bob lately?  Oh, Bob Weinstein.  Bob Weinstein, yeah.  I think he's laying low.  Okay.  Give it 10 years if you're him.  Yeah.  He's just like right in the tallies.  Yeah, although he might have,  we've discovered many times about people that have,  he may just have another company  that no one knows he's involved with.  Oh, I'm sure, yeah.  And he's just been doing stuff and who knows.  I've almost asked this so many times in this episode.  Alan Sherwood, isn't that the guy who graded Brady Bunch?  No, that's Sherwood Schwartz.  This is helping with our name count.  It's in Lloyd Schwartz, his son.  And it's also not Alan Sherman.  Yes, the brother.  We're doing really good on this name count.  I really hope somebody actually does go count.  The character names count right  and all the characters in We Sing and Silly Bill count,  right? Oh, nice.  It's just specifics.  As long as they're from, let's just say,  does Tony Dow count or are we doing 90s only?  Maybe he was alive in the 90s.  Yeah, of course.  And relevant.  Relevant.  He's it, yes.  I could say there will come a couple of Zoobly-Zoo,  Builder Beaver, Mayor Ben,  played by Ben Verene, of course, the star of Zoobly-Zoo.  Great, great.  Does it count as different ones  if I say Macaulay Culkin and Macaulay Culkin?  Do those count as different references?  One person who exists and one who does not?  It is a little surprising that we never got  like a twin movie where he plays both twins.  Or did we? Am I forgetting?  Maybe his time was too valuable.  And he also had brothers.  So they just would hire the brother to play one of them.  Yeah, that's true.  Oh, yeah, yeah, sure, sure.  Okay, what's left in this show?  Was there anything we've missed  that you guys saw in the expanded version?  Well, there are like doves that are released  at the end of the show, which is just like, guys,  like, come on.  They come out of her dress, it feels like.  Like the dress births doves.  I know that Disney has a complicated relationship  with like work animals and Clydesdales and horses and stuff,  but it's just like, you're just killing birds for the show.  Oh, yeah, every single show.  They're not coming back afterwards  to reset for the next show.  Yeah, I haven't really grappled with that lie,  that lie that you're told as a show.  Well, no, the doves, they come back.  Yeah, they're really well trained.  So much so that they come back  once all the people are cleared.  So we have to leave so that the doves can come back.  They'll be too scared to come back if you're still here.  As soon as doves breathe in the Orlando air, they're dead.  They're not supposed to be down there.  You're taking that boat fishing over.  Dead doves are just plunging into the lake.  I caught a dove.  A thing I know that we were talking about before,  there's video online of the very last production of the show  in 1995, where they have changed saying to from Epcot 94,  they say it's great to be here at Epcot 95. Yeah.  In this one, I was trying to figure out if it was a lot of friends  and family in the audience, because there's a good amount of like  performers touching the audience members.  So that having listened to a podcast with the replacement Barbie,  that is a part of it.  And that they would specifically put like pins on the children  who were there like through charities.  So they would go up and go like interact with them.  And then they bring a child up at the end and put them in a pretty Barbie dress.  And Ken says, can I kiss you on the cheek?  And she goes, I  cannot give you a little kiss on the cheek.  The thing before that is the gorilla runs out in the crowd.  And at some point, he grabbed the dad's shoulders and gave it a little shake.  And I'm like, I wonder if he knows that, dad, or if it's just  can I give you a kiss on the cheek? Yeah.  Yeah, but that's classic stuff.  You got to humiliate dad.  Just razzin' at dad.  Shaking at dad.  Humiliating dad a little bit of theme park is like a fine tradition.  Yeah. You got to make dad look a little silly.  I wonder if they knew when they were filming that that it was the final show.  Like and if it was like the final episode of Friends where everyone's  just sort of on the verge of tears the whole time. Yeah.  Maybe.  Probably honestly, probably with most of this stuff, I think, honestly,  the answer is it was like a theater production and everybody is very emotionally tied.  Yeah. So I think if you do something like, you know,  four times with the same group of people, emotions start to get.  So you do it for a year and a half.  Halloween Horror Nights.  I know the end of Halloween Horror Nights, those scare actors.  It's very emotional.  The last night, you know.  Yeah, sure.  It was very emotional for me when I was fired from my tour guide job with a letter.  I didn't get to share the emotion with anybody.  But yeah, you have admitted you kept yourself on the role,  the role call.  Like you kept yourself on the form for the free.  Yeah, no, I never took a shift and I was only there for parking.  So the most worthy and I had a full time job.  So it was the most  firing that made the most sense in the world.  But I was an intern on the back lot and you had the badge  and you could show the badge and park at the Frankenstein lot.  And at the end of the semester, I was really like, do I get this back?  I'm going back to these guys, but should I hold on to this?  Because I'm thinking of moving back out here.  You should have done what I did and make it take a color photo copy of the ID.  So when it is seized from you, you can still flash a fake one,  which I did for a long time until I got caught.  And then luckily, the badge ended up at the desk of somebody who I knew.  Probably told this one on the show before, but it's been it's been a long time.  Make a quick aside about Frankenstein and Universal Studios.  This is really the podcast.  Yeah, I know it is.  You know, I every time Universal emails me and ask for my opinion, I give it.  I really want to help them build something beautiful.  And there was a thing I was like, which universal properties  like would you want to see a world of this, this, this?  And one of them is universal movie monsters like Dracula is really big for me.  Like I always get a photo with Dracula there.  And so then all the follow up questions are like,  so say you're in a world that's universal movie monsters.  What kind of music would you want to hear? What kind of food?  And all my answers are like, I don't know.  That's your job, but you just got to do it.  That's blood, blood water.  I don't know.  I think full Lisa and Stephanie energy.  All caps.  They're like, I think whatever you want is fine.  I think use your imaginations and anything can be true in Monster World.  Let's go.  It sounds like you influenced the Monster Land they're building in Florida.  Oh, what? I told them that I live out here.  Why would they do that?  What are for me?  Just, you know, a theme park goer.  It sounds like maybe you're part of it.  You may be like where the deciding vote.  Wow. Like an element of the land.  Fifty one to forty nine.  Yeah. It was like, are we going to play like happy in the month?  Like the Pharrell song Happy Here or is it going to be old scary sounding music?  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Music.  The team we have you to thank then, I guess, for your survey enthusiasm.  What are we missing?  I mean, I'm just to the edge.  She's wearing her biggest dress and doves come out of it and the song  same song plays again, but that's great.  Play it as much as you want.  I mean, I think it's a I think it's a real victory.  I think this entire I think Disney and Mattel and Barbie was a match made in heaven  and in aesthetic heaven.  I love every shot of this.  It's really fun to look at.  I don't know what it did.  Have we missed anything?  Not from the show.  I mean, just thoughts of like Barbie, like it.  I'm sure there's a world where there was like a more permanent thing  that ended up here, too, just.  But it sounds like, yeah, there was like a lot of disagreement between the company.  So, yeah, I just like I know there's a different time,  like with money and such that maybe something could have ended up.  That's that is where that there is not some permanent Barbie place.  There is something called Mattel Adventure Park coming in Glendale, Arizona.  Yeah, yeah. I don't know much about it.  I don't. Well, I see some thumbnails with maybe a Barbie presence.  Oh, and a Thomas presence. Oh, yeah.  I hope that they build this fast enough that my son is still that Thomas  is the central part of his world so that we can get there.  I think they are building it really fast.  Maybe it's so fast that it's making me think it will not be a very good market.  But I see a Barbie Beach House there.  And cool. We got some he man stuff and some hot wheels.  I don't know.  Barbies is just from like Toy Isle real estate.  Barbie had her own complete island.  Toys R Us. It was just wall to wall pink.  I mean, you all remember doing going there or not going there  because it was not for you into the blue island.  Instead, the blue isle. Yes. Right.  But it is just interesting that like that's got to be such a like  one of the top things that didn't have like a permanent theme park presence.  And I wonder, yeah, I wonder, like, I guess even do you want a blue sky  real quick, what your Barbie ride or something would be?  Oh, because it's got to you got probably have to be in the dream car.  I would assume that's your ride vehicle.  I think we would want a dark ride.  So I'm to like, you know, there's these ride, the secret life of pets  where it's like a little avatar of you and you're getting sprayed  with water and stuff.  And then there's like the car changing colors that those kind of little gags  in the in the cars ride.  But you got it.  There's got to be something where it is you and you get to see yourself  in a mirror in a bunch of different wardrobe changes.  Well, I was thinking  I'm the scary one at Disneyland.  I don't know what's it called. Mr. Toad. No.  Well, I only say that because the devil shows up and you end up in hell.  During the holidays is the nightmare before Christmas.  Haunted Mansion.  Yeah, Mr. Toad.  Not Haunted Mansion.  But yeah, picturing that where, you know, you look in the mirror  and you are the various ghosts, but it's you as the various Barbies.  Yes, yes.  So that has to be part of it.  So it's got to be some that you're like, you're getting ready  for some big Barbie-bration.  Yeah. And you get to like, I think we're fine.  It's got to be, you know, I think it's not so character oriented  because we've discovered this.  It doesn't matter to people of midges in it.  Wow. I'm like midges.  Barbie's friend Roy is here.  Roy was active from 1971 to 1976, and now he's not.  I am interested in the movie because I looked at the IMDB.  And, you know, there's a lot of Barbies and a lot of Kens.  There's no skipper credit.  So there is. Is there a post?  Yeah, maybe I'm just wrong.  I think it might be a celebrity cameo that I think.  Yeah. Is there a post credit sequence with like a partially  of like just lighting matches or something or smoking a cigarette?  And it's like, don't skip me.  The Hollywood gossip is that they're trying to build a Mattel cinematic  universe. Oh, I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Makes a lot of sense.  Isn't it? Is wait Mattel Hot Wheels?  Is that J.J. Abrams doing?  Is that Hasbro? Yes. Kind of a gritty.  Oh, that's Hasbro. Maybe that's a Hasbro universe.  I don't think it might be Hasbro.  No, Hot Wheels, because Hot Wheels was in that picture with with Barbie.  OK, so that's the Mattel universe, I guess.  So Barbie will be driving a Hot Wheels car, maybe in a big crossover movie  of some kind.  I in terms of right, I mean, just as long as it is, just it's that  instead, as long as you are, you're in crazily bright cars.  Maybe it's like the Bibbidi Boppidi boutique or whatever.  But kind of as a ride. Yeah.  If there's something that doesn't cost two hundred and fifty dollars per person.  That's probably for the best.  There are more people in there.  We're like little girls go to dress. Oh, I know.  Yeah. And for girls, it costs three hundred dollars.  And for boys, it's fifteen dollars.  Really? Yeah. If you want to become a knight.  Oh, I didn't know that.  You got to gel your hair.  Knight or pally looks.  Pirate eye patch.  They've got surplus glitter goo.  They just with an unbreakable like a drugstore comb,  they just kind of give you a swoop.  Yeah. Yeah. If you can just dollify.  So, yeah, it's like at the end, it's like there's a box.  Like you see yourself in the box.  You're like Barbie's friend, Michael.  And then it's like me.  But I have a cool outfit on.  Maybe it's sort of like interactive with like like Spaceship Earth is,  even though we don't like that element of it necessarily, where you choose things  before you're on the ride.  And then at the end, you see your whole thing,  like your whole presentation of your toy or your Barbie's friend now  or part of her family.  Either way, you can choose.  Yeah, I don't want to be in a box, though.  That scares me.  Barbie. I don't want to be stuck in a box.  I want to be Barbie's friend.  No, I don't want to be in a box.  I don't get to hang out with Barbie if I'm sealed off.  Now, I'm hit is going to get you and then take you home.  Mike, you've talked about claustrophobia moments in the past.  Do you want to be in the box?  You want to be in a box?  Well, because I would be very comfortable in the box.  I'm like, OK, you would.  You would want to go home with a kid who was an inbox collector,  as they call it, for toys.  Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah.  I mean, I've talked before of like, oh, I want to do the Six Flags  coffin challenge, but don't bother me.  Just leave me with my Agatha Christie, like audio books,  like leave me with my miss.  Jason wants to sleep in a car.  Jason wants to be in a coffin for 72 hours at a Six Flags.  For six hundred dollars.  Well, you make six hundred and sixty six dollars or what?  It's not even that maybe maybe maybe.  Yeah. The possibility.  And when they say, oh, it's time for you guys to move your legs  for five minutes so you don't, you know,  just letting up the biggest sigh.  No problem here.  What time of the year is this?  Well, it's around October.  Yeah. So I mean, that could be any temperature in Southern California.  And in New Jersey, I think it's a little chillier.  You know, it really sounds bad. That's tough.  Would you be like Barbie's ex Jason or something?  Because again, friends or family?  We're still on good terms.  You know, I mean, it was unpleasant.  Breakups are always unpleasant, but, you know, still say Merry Christmas.  What was that term you threw that I didn't hear never heard before  about relationships?  Situations. Oh, situations.  Jason had a situation with Barbie.  Those are like, OK, that's a negative kind of thing.  You know, you made a commitment to Skipper and like, you know, that  you don't want that to be affected by your relationship with Barbie.  Like, you know, you're you're staying in skippers life.  Skipper's too young to understand the nuances. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. I still yeah.  Still get a birthday present for Skipper.  Still get her a gift card.  Still get her a Barnes and Noble gift card.  She buys Barbies with it. It's fucked up.  She there are too many toys.  Barnes and Noble, not enough books, too many toys nowadays.  I think for a Barbie ride for me, this might just speak to what kind of ride  I like, but I'm picturing like the Hogwarts Universal ride where it's like,  what's going to happen in our imagination today?  And it sort of swoops you to one thing and oh, it's you're the astronaut.  And it swoops you to the next thing.  And oh, you're a soccer star.  And the swoozie to that thing.  She does. Yeah.  And in the end, it's like and you could do even more.  And then your picture is on the wall or whatever you need.  So you could use the Kuka.  It's the Kuka arm is what they call it.  Oh, yeah. So they can move you around.  So you can sparkly transitions.  So the Kuka arm, you could like kick the soccer ball  sort of in the vehicle and then you perform open heart surgery on someone with Barbie.  Yeah, because she's a doctor and you're in surgery.  You're in like the operating room now or you're delivering babies or something.  Sure. That's whatever.  But she can do it all.  Barbie having all the jobs is good because it doesn't.  There's not that element of like  it's not like empowerment by way of like  dullness, like Lola Bunny in Space Jam 2.  Oh, you know what I mean?  Like she can have all the jobs and the jobs are great.  And also the wardrobe is still unbelievable.  So she's delivered.  It's the it's the most beautiful, sparkly forceps you've ever seen.  Even as like the blood splashes on her during the open heart surgery.  But it kind of it looks like she planned it.  Yeah, it's like like paint splatters.  Yeah.  It's like a little heart shape on her, like lapel.  It's adorable.  Well, it always perfectly.  If blood shoots out of a heart, it would stand to reason.  It would still maintain the shape as it's.  But yeah, I love being a doctor.  I lost another one today, but you can't win them all.  My question is probably too much of a corporate nightmare,  but like there's been a lot of Easter eggs already mentioned for the movie.  I know when Margaret Robbie has been doing like  stops along the like press stops promoting this or going to premieres,  Jane pointed out like all these outfits are dressing her in or like Barbie.  Yeah, like classic outfits are like nods to like styles and stuff.  So could any of the music from this show show up in the mid?  Like a character is just turning off a radio at some point.  Yeah, Barbie touched like you just hear a few seconds of it.  I mean, it would be it exists and they could just use it as is.  I bet they would think no, but like people don't know these songs enough.  Yeah. But they but also like people had these tapes and tapes  wedge themselves into people's brains, such as Caroline.  So I mean, you could I think you in certain cases,  you would just get screams from the audience if there was a little  touch of the Barbie touch.  Sure. Boy.  Do you all have your tickets for Barbie yet? No.  No, I don't have a big early ticket buyer.  I'm not really I don't have a Barbie plan and we will be in Vegas  as it's coming out.  So that so we I will at least have to wait for for things to die.  Did you have a Barbie plan? Yeah, of course.  I don't know what you're talking about.  Yeah. Well, it's mostly my spouse who's very excited.  But yeah, we got tickets the day they went on sale because it's going to sell out.  And we're we've picked out our outfits.  Yeah. We're opening night.  Friday. So we're not going crazy on the Thursday midnight.  But yeah, Friday night. OK.  Anything to anything you're proud of in the outfits, anything you're like,  well, this is going to well, you know, it's a classic, you know, kind of queer  polyadult couple where it's like they're going to do like a version of Barbie  Kenified and I'm doing a version of Ken Barbie fight, you know, we're we're,  you know, finding the the the gender that exists between the two.  You know, this is so and that like and that that's the situation  you have heading into the 2023 movie.  Having grown up with the tape. Yeah.  It being like like a part of your journey.  And that what a beautiful that's that's that's that's legit.  You also showed us your very somber like funeral attire for Oppenheimer.  Yeah. Yeah.  You just turn all inside out to reveal it.  It's like all one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Well, everyone will be lucky to get to get to see all that in the movie theater.  And we're so lucky to have you for this. Oh, my God.  What a blast, Caroline Anderson.  You survived podcast, the ride. Thank you.  Let me wait. I should have had this ready to go.  Let's exit to the gift shop.  Is there anything that you would like to plug?  OK, watch season two of this fool on Hulu.  I'm no longer involved. That was my choice.  I left the industry, but I love those people.  So keep watching. Oh, great.  And if you want to follow me on socials, follow my work account  at fitness, hedonist.  I do body positive fitness stuff.  That's great.  You were telling us before we started recording some of what you've been up to.  And that's that all sounds super fun.  So that is great.  And yeah, what a delight.  I discovered this discovery that you know, this thing front to back.  And we're so as excited about it as Lisa and Stephanie.  What a delight.  As for us, the big thing on our end this week, now having covered  Barbie and not on the main for should have been main feet, could have been made.  This is entirely a scheduling blood.  Again, we didn't have a Barbie plan. Yeah.  This will be a main feed at some point.  But now we switch over officially to podcast the ride Sin City Nights.  And with that, as you hear this, you can still join us at podcast  the rides Big Vegas Groove Blender in Las Vegas, Saturday, July 22nd, 8 p.m.  And if you're not in Sin City, you can join us for the live stream.  We will put the link in this description  and we'll be we're just excited about the month, excited about the live stream,  excited about all of it.  I was thinking, do we do one more  Barbie's world or which?  All right, look, I have to do it as we're recording this.  We today the my Beach Boys episode came out,  my fantasy Beach Boys episode came out where I got to talk about all the weirdest  Beach Boys music that I was aware of until one that I became aware of.  Today, a song that was packaged with California  dream Barbie dolls in 1987.  Credit to the Twitter account, Crazy Ass Moments in Beach Boys History,  which is a really good account in general.  But this is from 1987.  Brian, you get this with the Barbie Brian Wilson solo, the song Living Doll.  Wow. Hey, Barbie.  You're my California dream.  Oh, Barbie. Hey, Barbie.  You are yummy like ice cream.  Oh, what?  You were on that.  You are you are yummy like ice cream, like ice cream.  Wow. You never want to hear that.  You don't.  I don't know.  I don't know if I want it from Brian Wilson.  Maybe not from Brian Wilson, but maybe from Mike Love, you know.  Yeah. You want somebody a little more sensual like Mike Love.  Somehow he says it. He sounds furious.  Let me like ice cream.  Eat you up.