 Forever.  Dog.  Warning.  The following podcast kicks off a theme month full of vice, depravity, and robots that got  thrown in the trash by the mid-90s.  You may encounter stooge siblings, Vietnam flashbacks for the whole family, and high stakes  bets about roller coaster air circulation.  We go all in on the MGM Grand's defunct theme park MGM Grand Adventures on Podcast the Ride  Sin City Nights.  Welcome to Podcast the Ride Sin City Nights.  When the sun goes down, the good boys are nowhere to be found.  The sinful boys come around doing sins in sinful town.  I'm Scott, there's Mike, there's Jason.  Hi.  Ready to sin.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I just wanted to, you know, get to the day, if any sins you want to confess.  We will confess.  We're going to do the sins, but we are going to confess them as well.  Okay.  I thought maybe it's just more like a confessional today versus us sinning.  Well, that's what, look.  The sinning is in our future, I suppose, because we're on our way to Las Vegas, literally,  but now we have landed there topic wise.  And I just want to, you know, like this sleazy veneer, I think we can get some stuff out  of our system.  This is a late night USA early 90s style version of Podcast the Ride.  We've done a location change, presumably for tax breaks and are doing it all in Las Vegas.  Yeah, that's smart.  Yeah.  So, so I can, I'm trying to think like, what, what, what could I confess right away here?  I want to just like start off in the spirit of this, you know, Las Vegas, like, did I  have like a blue drink for breakfast or something?  Or did I read reread 1995 danger girl comic that I've talked about before on the show  where some bosomy ladies solve it, solve some crimes and go on adventures?  I, I'm not sure.  I didn't read that today, but I'm trying to think of something like that.  Well, you know what?  I can recall a time and I don't remember which trip it's been, but I've gotten a little  crazy in Las Vegas.  You know, one time the, you know, the buskers, like the guys like flipping the cards around  and they'll hand you this and as they'll just force those cards into your hands and then  you'll look at it and there'll be a pretty lady on it.  Who knows where that card on the card.  Yeah, exactly.  And like, do I know what the phone number leads to?  No, but my sin is this.  I didn't throw the card away.  I didn't rip it up right then and there and throw that filth in the garbage.  I kept it in my pocket and then maybe glanced at it one more time and then put it in a hotel  trash can.  That's right.  We're getting a little crazy here on Sin City Nights.  Jason, you want to confess anything naughty right now?  I've seen those buskers too, but it was 2006 and I think they're pretty much gone from  the strip now.  Is that right?  Really?  Was there not that?  I remember more of it back then.  Yeah.  That was the first time I went as a pseudo adult.  Yeah, you'd walk by and they were hitting the cards, like sort of, and they had a big  stack of them and they just sort of hold them out and there were like 50 people in like  a row, almost like you were on a receiving line of some kind and they would try to all  throw the little card at you.  But you're right.  I guess last time I was there, I didn't notice as much of that.  My memory, well, because a lot of that middle strip, like the Cosmo and Aria and crystal  shops, a lot of that was just empty space in the early 2000s and then eventually these  massive projects got built up.  So everything's built up.  There's a lot more sky bridges.  There's a lot more walkways above the road.  I feel like there's a lot more crossing, you know, traffic lights on the street level.  So you want to confess that you miss these buskers that would give you the numbers of  prostitutes?  I miss the active construction sites that were going on.  Okay, good.  Yeah.  Nice.  I mean, look, there's always going to be those because as today's topic shows us, things  are always done, committed to, lots of money spent on them and then they're fully imploded.  We never mind.  No, never meant to do that.  Never going to do it again.  Yeah.  Almost immediately after they were built.  Yes.  The brutality of Vegas in that way, I think is going to be a theme and it makes it a perfect  area for it.  I'm so excited, by the way, to be landing in Vegas for a little while because it does,  boy, does it tie into themes that we like.  I mean, A, it's a place with big dumb stuff that looks like other stuff.  Yes.  And B, it is full of construction catastrophes and barely, like badly thought out plans and  guys and so many of the things we've discovered or what we really love over the years of doing  the show.  It's like a big themed weed.  It's just a big out of control weed or a big rat.  If rats, okay, if rats could join a rat king with different animals, I don't know, what  would you call it?  Just an animal king?  An animal kingdom?  Sorry, we're describing it.  It's a rat king.  But other animals are part of it too.  A bunch of rats all get their tails tied together in a big clump.  It's called a rat king because they can't get free from each other.  It's a massive thing.  But it's just a monstrosity with different gnarling heads and different size rats and  it's really unnerving and scary.  I'm thinking Vegas is such a weird, again, like a weed, a rat king.  It's just out of control.  Things don't fit with each other.  So there's like a shark in an anaconda as part of the rat king.  I didn't know that.  I didn't know they got along with rats.  I didn't know rats could fuse with sharks.  It's just like it's an animal.  Let's call it an animal king.  That's my new phrase.  And it's just, yeah, it's scary.  It's beautiful.  It's everything at once.  Yeah, anything you would want.  Vegas is very much it's the epitome of like themed entertainment where the theme is all  themes at once, like all architecture at once.  The theme is too many themes.  I mean, today is probably the biggest example of the family friendly theme park 90s Vegas  that I think the running theme through this and the other MGM resorts, now MGM resorts,  but Excalibur and Luxor is like they pumped a lot of money and time and construction into  themed entertainment, be that rides or shows or outside of casino attractions.  And within a few years, the contempt they had for these things, which have either shutting  down, scaling back or bulldozing.  Like how many nightclubs will convince you that this place is not for children?  If we build a seventh one, will you not think of this place as just a giant miniature golf  station?  Yeah.  How many places can Steve Aoki be in one night?  Okay.  There might be multiple Steve.  That's the big secret of Vegas.  We'll reveal Vegas secrets.  Secrets.  Steve, there's multiple Steve Aoki's.  Multiple Steve Aoki's.  From a distance with a wig and sunglasses on.  I believe one of I believe is current endeavor from the last few years.  Pizza Aoki is in one of the food halls.  Oh really?  Is maybe an area.  Is a real pizza Aoki location?  Yes, that's right.  And I Food Hall is one of the current Vegas trends.  It just means a food court, but a little bougie.  Not so shit.  Yeah.  Not a chain that you started realizing was bad around 1998.  Yeah.  Not a Nathan's that is slowly decomposing.  If you look at it too hard, like.  Yeah.  Are all this stuff, anything in the Vegas Food Hall, is it owned and operated by a DJ  or could it be any?  It helps.  It helps you get your foot in the door.  Yeah, I think it probably helps.  DJ Snake's subs or something like.  I think a chunk of the Vegas strip, if I've been, you know, I watch a lot of Vegas YouTubers  or news updates and stuff, and it seems like a good chunk of the food that isn't Guy Fieri  licensed or owned restaurants is Buddy Velestro, the Cake Boss restaurant.  Really?  Cake Boss is a lot going on?  Yeah, Cake Boss.  There's Cake Boss, Cake Slice, Vending Machines, and I saw like a YouTube short where they're  like, hey, just a heads up.  These are not freshly made.  They are shipped in cardboard boxes from a warehouse in New Jersey, and they all have  a very fine film or like a thing of corn syrup on it to make it look fresh.  So like, do not.  Maybe they have a thick coating of corn syrup on the outside.  Shiny.  Yeah, like they're not necessarily the freshest cake slice.  Just need a little corn shine.  Yeah, it's just a little corn shine.  In the way that the Sprinkles Cupcake ATMs, there's a kind of fun.  They're at a lot of places, but I think those are like, you know, they make them.  Well, they're right there.  They're usually by the place that makes them.  It's next to a Sprinkles and they load it up from the kitchen.  Man, we got to get you the cake.  We got to have you try this cake with the corn syrups.  Let's see if you can tell.  Yeah, see if you can like pull that film off, that corn film.  It's not a distinguished business like the Hello Kitty Cafe.  Where's the Hello Kitty Cafe?  That's in the park in between Park MGM and New York, New York.  Really?  And there is always a line.  Okay.  It's pretty good.  We got a slice cake there last year for Jane's birthday.  We like the Hello Kitty Cafe.  But was it covered in corn syrup?  No, it tasted fruity.  I had like fresh fruit preserves in it.  Okay.  Is the corn syrup also a preservative to keep it fresh when the New Jersey travel?  It could be, yeah, probably.  I think so.  That's probably the idea.  Right.  Well, this is good.  We'll get your treat tips.  As with any new location, we need that for, that's actually genuinely helpful for the  Especially because at this point in time, just before we get into the topic, one exciting  thing is we land in Las Vegas.  It is possible there are people listening to this very episode on the way to Las Vegas  to attend the podcast, The Ride Big Vegas Groove Blender.  That excites me.  If you're listening to this in your car on the drive, honk really loud.  Just to like, I don't know.  The other cars aren't going to know why, but I think it's going to keep spirits up on  the road.  Yeah.  And if you're in a plane, then just yell really loud.  Do a couple loopty loops as well.  I was thinking they were flying the plane.  You were matching people in a private plane or in just like a two person plane.  No, I was thinking of them in a World War II, like Ernie and Bert in Follow That Bird.  This is what I pictured.  Yeah, yeah.  With aviator goggles.  Or if you're in a commercial plane, if you could just knock on the door and be like,  excuse me, would you mind looping in a loopty loop?  I think it'll just help morale.  And I'm excited because I'm going to this live podcast thing.  They're doing a groove blender.  Oh, groove blender.  Say no more.  Yeah, podcasts are right.  Of course, I'm going as well, says the pilot.  That's why I took this shift.  I usually fly to Kuala Lumpur.  I'm doing Vegas today.  Fellow Cliffords, we're landing.  I did one.  I was not sure if you meant the door to the cockpit, which I love when people like check  in, tap on that thing.  Or if you meant the pressurized like emergency exit doors.  Like you're doing a bit.  Start opening all the doors.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Just keep get spirits up.  Start celebrating because that's what's coming for you.  Do we have any pilots in the audience?  Do you think there's one person who's in a commercial pilot or even, I guess, a private  pilot?  Probably.  You would think statistically, maybe as a hobby.  Yeah.  Really a hobbyist.  Mostly commercial pilots.  I don't know why, but for some reason I can't imagine a commercial pilot listening to this  podcast and I don't know if that's wrong.  Why not?  I can't.  I don't know why not, but for some reason they just seem so professional.  So they're serious people and why would they ever listen to frivolity like this?  So I blow off steam.  They're dignified.  Good vision.  Got to have good vision to be a pilot.  I'd love it if we had like half of the audience be pilots.  I'm just saying I just can't imagine it, but I hope I know.  If a listener shook our hands when we were boarding like a Southwest flight to Vegas and  gave us the little wings, gave us little sticky.  That'd be so good.  We got the little sticky.  Yeah.  And then we then we could go up in the cockpit if they were a listener.  Maybe.  Yeah, maybe.  Like I'm a Club 3 subscriber.  You're a lot up in the cockpit.  I hope.  I mean, these people, this, this depends on this is a scenario where we're all on a plane  together.  That's true.  Yeah.  We're on our way to England or something to play Glastonbury.  Play the West End.  Well, that's what the Groove Blender is going to lead to.  It's all kind of, you know, it's a, it's a big celebratory show.  Yeah.  You know, proven that we can do a bit, you know, we can carry Glastonbury, of course.  Yeah. The podcast stage.  Yeah.  No, we'll make it up to me.  We'll get to me.  We will lead the audience in a sing along of don't look back in anger like that one  clip of Oasis playing Glastonbury.  Yeah. And it's just miles of people joining in on the chorus.  Yeah.  But that's you. That's we'll teach everyone the specific words to like you talking about  trades.  Sally can wait.  Oh, you thought it was going to be repeating like the corn syrup sheen preserves the cakes  while you say, yeah, yeah, no, by that point that will be the new don't look back.  Okay. Right.  But for folks who are coming to that, so excited to have you really excited for this  thing. If you can't be there in person, then this episode is coming out July 21st, the  following day, July 22nd, Saturday, July 22nd at 8 p.m.  There will be a live stream.  Tickets are available for that at the space LV dot com.  There'll be a link in the episode notes of this.  Join us for that if you can.  I think we can promise some visual components that I think will make it worth the live  stream. I mean, it's all visual.  Yeah. You know, like it's the cameras are being used and lights and color will be.  But, you know, beyond that, beyond the basics of visual information.  Yeah. And we should specifically say this is a true live stream.  This is a live live stream.  It is not necessarily an on demand one.  We're going to get that is not an on demand.  It is. It is not an on demand one, but we will try to, you know, try our best to get  some footage and put it up somewhere down the line.  Yes. But yeah, sure.  Doesn't go on because it's ready.  Sure goes on because it's eight p.m.  That's a big clock.  July 22nd. We have the massive clock.  Danny, like studio, the mad LV clock.  And also, before we go much further, another part of this since the nights, which I'm  excited about since the nights logo courtesy of the wonderful Aaron Gardner and the since  city nights theme, I assume I haven't heard it yet, courtesy of my Carlson.  Cut it if we don't if you don't have time.  No, it'll be. Yeah, it'll be. There's a theme.  I've just I've loved it.  I abandoned one.  I abandoned a version of it and I redid it today.  Oh, boy. And I think it's pretty good.  Oh, all right. So you're here in a second draft.  Yeah. Air that's been put into it by my band in the C.V.  Oakey homage one more with a C.D.  Martin angle.  You know, I abandoned the Elvis homage.  Oh, OK. There's like a bad.  I just didn't wasn't coming together.  But then I saw the logo, which you could all the right.  It did. The branding was the branding was, you know, sinful.  And it was so I just it got a little got a little sexier, if I'm being honest.  You've heard it by now. So you know how sexy it is.  But oh, now I'm reticent to have complimented it.  Maybe if it's too sexy.  Yeah, I know it's maybe on my other computer.  We'll tone it down for next week.  OK, just like, you know, that word for that week.  But we got to look. I know it's since the nights and all, but too sexy.  Bring the just lower the decibels of 25 percent less sex next week.  As far as the music gets into logic, one of the settings on logic.  Yeah, please. Yeah, yeah. Run it.  Run it through the anti sexer.  OK, now that I'm in.  Now, of course, you did say that there is the sexy veneer.  But of course, today's topic and many of the things we're going to talk about  are from the family entertainment boom of the early 90s.  That was the logo. The logo was sturdy.  So the logo was sort of about the nights.  And we'll try to. Yeah, yeah.  Look, we'll we'll try to be medically.  We'll try to push it.  We'll try to do some things that stretch us out of the out of the comfort zone.  But but here we go straight into the molten core of the comfort zone.  When they really did when Vegas really did a for the family theme park,  there's themed entertainment stuff always there.  Every year there are new iterations of that.  There's this area 15 thing, but there's a distinctly adult flavor to it.  Yeah. More catering to that.  And this is just this odd alternate universe era where Vegas decided  we're going to try to be for families.  And it was seemed as like, oh, it was done as quickly as it started.  And boy, it was so much money spent on it.  And in an era where nobody thought to film it.  So there's such rare like it's so hard to find really good  footage of a lot of the stuff from this era.  This park included MGM Grand Adventures, the theme park  that used to be at the MGM Grand.  I thought you you said something a couple of weeks ago about how there wasn't a ton.  And I was like, yeah, but there's got to be a good amount.  You know, you're right. There's nothing.  Barely anything. There's one ride through video.  OK. Yeah. Yeah.  Of the Backlot River tour of the river tour, which I looking at it,  I was like, well, this seems like it's the like main ride.  And it did not make it to five years.  Like, you know, not stick around.  That's the strangest thing about the history of it.  This park was it was it roughly a decade.  It was around all told.  But then I didn't know the history of it where there was just the severe  cut down. Yeah. Early on.  So this there was it was a really it was only two and a half years  that the entire thing that they built wild was there.  Yeah. What's crazy, too, is that Vegas goes in on this like family entertainment.  It's basically the same time.  It's a little after, but basically the same time as Disney tries to go after adults  with pleasure, pleasure island.  And it was like both ways.  I think each place was like, that's not quite what we do, is it?  You're right. Yeah.  I think that's interesting stuff.  They both are really no way.  Just like us with this sultry theme.  Yeah. We're going to back out of it real quick after a month.  Yeah. Disney's like, no, no, it's families and when there's not a bunch of  drunk people and teenagers fighting and Vegas is like it's gambling  and prostitutes and that's what it is here.  Yeah. And good restaurants.  That's what our branding is.  What? What year is  National Lampoon's Vegas vacation?  Ninety six or seven.  It's later.  So it's a little it's on the later end of this because I I remember  seeing that when I was pretty young on VHS and that vision of Vegas  is so dirty like it is the sleazy.  Like everything is just seen so grimy.  And the theme park Vegas, I feel like doesn't really show up in it.  I don't know. You got some like bright colors in that, though.  Yeah. The big bright cars they all get at the end.  I think of that as kind of a bubbly.  Are you thinking of the end where they go to the like shitty casinos  to win the money back? Yeah.  I think I'm thinking of the shitty like, yeah, because they start out  in like better ones and then the ideas they go to the casino with like guess  a hand and stuff. Oh, yeah.  Oh, yes. The Ray, the Randy Quaid casino.  Yeah. All the novelty games was not real.  So if that impacts any grime opinions, but Vegas is dirty.  Yes, it is. Yeah.  But they're saying that's almost encounter to that's almost coming out.  I think the the, you know, obviously the footage is lower quality,  standard def quality.  But I feel like the you know, now it's so many so much  LED lights and lasers and all.  And at the time in the 90s and before that, it was just like  popcorn bulbs and cigarette smoke. Sure.  You know, yeah.  You do. You're you're also saying like it's like  I do think it's probably like nicer now than it was.  Yeah. It almost makes more sense now for there to be a little bit more theme park  presence than there was maybe in the 90s.  Yeah. And I think there is slowly starting to be again, kind of more aimed at adults.  But like night, there's less 99 cent shrimp cocktails now.  And there's a lot more, you know,  celebrity chef kind of restaurant.  I'm so mad he missed out on that.  I don't eat shrimp. I don't eat shrimp.  So what any other guy you got chicken cocktail?  Oh, I love a big crowd. I love a crab cocktail.  Just lump crab meat and liver sausage cocktail.  Sure. Liver worst.  In a bunch of ice.  Yeah. I see liver sausage, please.  I see. I hear what you're saying, though, that it's almost like that,  you know, now it feels like they've kind of like weaved the gradient  where like if more family stuff started showing up, it would make a little more sense.  Yes. It almost seems like such a hard pivot for it being still sort of a grimy and smaller.  Yeah. Vegas and more cigarette-y Vegas, for sure.  It does feel like like what else could have triggered this?  But the like Disney decade, Peek Eisner, right?  Disney. I mean, obviously Disney World inspired a lot of theme parks  and travel destinations across the country and world.  But that Eisner era of Disney, MGM Studios, like it becoming a,  you know, three park and so many hotels and so much stuff to do.  It seems like there was such a boom at the end of the 80s that it must have  inspired this, right?  I'm that. And also, I'm sure just the idea of market share.  Oh, you know what we could do is like we could get into this other thing.  I mean, Disney is the maybe the best example of it in the 90s of like,  yeah, we can own a hockey team as well.  Oh, maybe we do this.  And then we were talking about that Marriott, but no, in that Marriott episode,  Great America episode, we got a hotel theme park makes sense.  Sure. So they were probably like, yeah, they saw Universal Orlando.  They saw all of it. They're like, you know what?  We got hotels. Just put some fucking rides back there.  Well, and then simultaneously, the hotels are just getting bigger.  There's an arms race to build more and more elaborate hotels.  I think the Mirage is the one that I mean, obviously, Caesar's Palace  long time themed and has just kind of constantly growing and growing.  Like, yeah, really, there's so many towers there now.  But the Mirage opens in the 80s.  It opens with the big free volcano show.  It's got all the gold front.  And then the the MGM Grand, this MGM Grand, the original MGM  Grand is now was Bally's is now Horseshoe Horseshoe.  Yeah. Weird.  There's a home to one of the largest skyscraper fires  in American history.  Eighty seven people died  due to faulty wiring, I think, in the food court deli.  I heard so.  So then at the end of 93, that's when there, if you've seen,  there's a commercial with a weird CGI lion, the giant lion, a giant  lion stomping down the street.  Really something like that's very speaking of your rat king, your animal king.  Yeah. Thing that the lion like plants  on the strip and then like forms the hotel towers out of its body is.  OK, this is related.  Is that Louie?  Oh, well, I don't know.  MGM lion named Louie is my question.  No, because the OK, what is this breakdown?  Because this is I did come across this.  I think the one that we know from the in the circle in the logo.  Yeah. Is Leo.  But the theme park one in the suit is Louie.  OK, so that was Louie is King Louie.  I'm sorry I didn't give him his title.  So that was Leo walking down the street, CGI Leo, maybe.  I'm going to say so because he's not like a silly cartoon lion.  Right. I believe I know he looks different.  I'm just trying to figure out if they if maybe the hotel lion  is different than the movie lion, maybe.  I don't think so. I think there was the confusion.  If you're on the MGM grand property, it's in some places you are seeing Leo the lion.  But as soon as you get to the theme park area, it is Louie the lion.  OK, so Leo is like the maybe harder  nose brother of Louie, probably related.  Yeah. Well, you know, it's like people grow up in different parts of the country  and live very different lives.  It's like when you when one grows up in like  on the Serengeti and one grows up in Toontown.  They are related. Yes.  It's a country mouse city mouse.  Yeah. Got it.  We owe a little more rough and tumble.  Understood.  That's why he roars in the logo and doesn't say, hello, you're right.  Is he a movie?  So this this happens because of I mean, so the theme park  opens up alongside the MGM Grand in 93.  They all opens on the same day, December 18th, 93.  And it's all at the hands of the then  owner of the MGM brand who bought and sold it several times, I think.  Kirk Kirkorian, he Kirk or Corian  built the MGM Grand that you mentioned, the one with the fire.  And before that, he built the International Hotel,  the Elvis Hotel, later Hilton, later Westgate.  All three of those upon their construction were the biggest hotel in Las Vegas.  So this guy built the biggest hotel in Vegas three times  at one point in time, Kirk, Corian, the richest man in California.  Therefore, at least I don't know what these are different stats,  but at one point, he's number one in Los Angeles.  Obviously, it'd have to be he's number one in Los Angeles.  Number two is Sumner Redstone.  Wow. Really? Yeah. Yeah.  And this is probably 1990s numbers.  So this or 2000 still, I mean, I think this guy.  I believe he's passed away now.  I wonder what those numbers are.  Yeah. Not enough.  Well, he's a fucking alimony.  Damn bitches. There will be.  Sumner probably hated him for being number one.  Yeah, I think so.  I'm so mad. I'm so mad.  I need a toe suck.  Oh, no.  I soiled myself.  Change my diaper.  Somebody change it.  I'll give you five grand to change my diaper.  This is why I lose so much money to Corcoran.  His brows work.  He changes his own diaper.  Ultimately, it's like Kurt's on top.  I got to hand it to him someday as bells will fail.  But so I don't really know the deal with Kurt Corcoran, to be honest.  I'm going to guess that there are some guy adjacent qualities,  because how can you be that?  How can you be the richest man in California without that?  It's yeah.  But there is like bombast from this guy.  This again, this being his third attempt at the biggest.  So he's got to go so much bigger.  It is like the it is the biggest casino when it gets built.  So he wants to stack up numbers.  And I probably as part of that, too, he wants stuff to do.  What are things that no hotel has done yet?  And I bet that's where the theme park thing comes from.  It's by the way, I guess it was this trend.  We act as if Vegas, like, you know, as if the mayor of Vegas decided  we should court families, it was probably a lot of people  were kind of separately having the idea, like forming this little  and like copying each other to some extent.  So maybe it is, Jay, you brought up Steve Wynn and Mirage,  and we're getting a little theme parky now.  Maybe that this must be Kirk Corian trying to like step it up.  Well, let's actually have Disneyland then.  Yeah, I he and then the the MGM Graham, we know now  the big green building.  I saw a video about the history of that area.  And, you know, there used to be the  I think it was the Tropicana Yacht Club around there.  It's a golf course, a golf course.  And then Corian builds a hotel called the Marina Hotel,  which it's unclear.  I don't think there's any marinas around.  But it probably had its own like the Disneyland Hotel used to.  It probably had a little like a little water zone.  But that eventually gets absorbed into the massive MGM.  Like as they're building the MGM Grand, that kind of gets absorbed in.  And it's still there.  I didn't realize that one of the buildings was this Marina.  The West Wing, the West Tower, which I've always heard.  You know, if you read about reviews of the MGM Grand, everything, I think  I think all the rooms have been updated at this point.  But for a long time, the reviews was like, do not stay in the West Tower.  You don't want to be in there because that building is decades  and decades and decades old.  Much, much older. Yeah.  And the other.  Yeah. So he's this is like he's building this sprawling complex.  And, you know, it wants to get in this theme park zone that nobody else has done.  But a wall is hit.  And I didn't know any of this history that there there is Disney  involvement and Eisner involvement in it, because if you're hearing  that there was an MGM theme park, you might be thinking of the other  MGM theme park, Disney, MGM Studios.  And obviously they had to work out a deal with MGM to get that library  and to get all the characters in the great movie ride and in all the clips  and what have you.  But I guess they didn't know the extent of it.  They were like, like the park.  Yes. Use our clips, use our characters, whatever.  But as soon as they Disney started saying, come film movies here  at Disney, MGM Studios, they viewed that as a breach of the contract  or an overstep that like, wait, but we're your competitor.  We're not your competitor as far as theme parks go.  But you can't tell people come film at MGM Studios.  And that's not us. Right. Yes.  Yeah. So I think a licensing.  Yeah, that was viewed beyond what they had agreed to.  I should know this.  But is that the reason why there was a whole thing with the have an icon  having to be like the Chinese theater to be covered up for years?  I don't know. Was that but is that true?  Is that like, was there an actual need to block?  Because it's you know, they don't own the Chinese theater.  No, I know. That's always what I heard.  And I realize I've never looked into exactly what it was.  I look it up.  I think that's more due to the ownership of the Chinese theater, not MGM.  Yeah. Do they lose that for a minute or is or are we overthink?  What did they just decide to build a big stupid ad?  The hat was there longer than the other stupid things.  Yes, much longer.  But I think there was a reason for it.  But I just I'm trying to remember what it was. Yeah. Yeah.  And I mean, I don't think some I always heard.  Yeah, it was some Byzantine legalese, you know,  I think the the eventual name change to Hollywood Studios, I think, was  the end of a licensing agreement.  And then the great movie ride the last few years that it kind of limped along.  So it's running well.  But in terms of like who is funding like they Turner Classic movies  stepped in and like had some, you know, some of their hosts in there.  And I think covered some of the bill.  Mm hmm.  So as long as if he could fire all the robots in the ride and tell him,  we don't have any more.  We don't. Yes. Can we send in Gene Kelly?  Can I please personally fire animatronic Gene Kelly?  Sorry, sir. No, we lost that October.  That's a sure he's not in the Batgirl movie.  He's sure he didn't get tossed out already.  Go find him. He's around somewhere.  So basically, they they sue Disney to try to get out of all this.  Eisner talks about this in his book, and he says they had no grounds for any of this.  They just suddenly look.  He actually he blames this guy, Kirk Corian.  Apparently, Kirk Corian didn't know he didn't know there was Disney MGM Studio.  Like lower people just kind of did it.  Yeah, he was vaguely aware.  And then once he gets the idea to build a theme park, they're like, well, there is.  We already made a theme park deal.  What? What do you mean we made a theme?  They had that Disney thing.  Ah, so Eisner views it as they just suddenly started  claiming all this stuff to get out of an agreement that they just didn't like.  So Disney countersued.  So early 90s, there's a volley of back and forth lawsuits between Disney and MGM  immediately after the park isn't open for like six months before.  We're all happy kids going to Disney MGM Studios,  and those entities are suing each other immediately.  And so the other so Disney says, well, if you're going to bug us about this,  you what do you mean you're building an MGM theme park?  We own your theme park rights.  You can't do that.  A judge had to parse all of this and it was he basically said, you're both right.  You can't have the name on the studio.  That's not good.  But and they get to wait.  How is Disney right?  I think like everybody can have your theme parks and you get to keep MGM  in their theme park.  You guys can build your Vegas park, but it can't be a behind the scenes of movies.  Theme park and they're like, yeah, sure.  OK, that's fine.  That's not exactly what we were going to do.  Hurry up, change it all.  Like this to me, the end will get into the park and the seemingly the weirdness  of the park, but I think they got caught.  I think like fuck, fuck, fuck.  We have to think of a new what this park is now.  Right. We can build it.  We just can't do what we foolishly let Disney take our name.  But then they also kind of did do a little behind the scenes.  Yes, there is that the ride that you mentioned, but it's like weird.  It's not there's not a tram.  So maybe and you're not you're certainly not seeing any actual movies being filmed.  Maybe they determined this is exactly the line or they never had the rights to do it.  And Disney threatened to sue again.  And they're like, fine, closing it.  We're building a pool.  Fuck, that's gone.  Convention Center.  That's what we wanted to do.  Anyways, don't worry about it.  We never wanted this right.  You know, while we're talking about actual movie based ride, can we  just briefly touch on the document I sent you guys?  Sure.  That's a listener gave us this a year or two ago.  They work in a they were they work in  an entertainment library or archive here in Hollywood.  And this is a fascinating document because I mean, just the title  is this are our creative amusement designs who have worked on a lot of rides,  a lot of parks and, you know, worked on this park.  But the title of this document Apocalypse Now, MGM Grand Theme Park Ride Concept  Storyline, and it's dated October 22nd, 1991.  You all know Apocalypse Now, the the rip rollicking good time  at the cinema about the insanity and violence of the Vietnam War and war.  And I've always wanted to.  I wanted to be in the movie.  It's so much fun.  It does sound fine.  Yeah. The movie about the insanity of war that almost drove everyone who worked on it insane.  Universal says ride the movies and then I get to Universal and my favorite,  the only movie I want to ride is Nowhere to be Found.  Yeah.  I don't get to see Kurtz and the what's Martin Sheen's name.  Willard, Captain Willard, Captain Willard.  And they were going to solve this.  They were going to.  So this is what I'm saying that, like, I think there was a point.  This is pre the lawsuit, right?  So I think there was a time where they were maybe exploring real movie properties  that we're going to do exactly what Universal and Disney MGM are doing.  And then they just kind of cheap out and genericify all of it.  But yes, there is this this incredible document.  It's so many pages long.  What a discovery.  And it's yeah, the first couple of paragraphs with the detail, though,  entering the queue line dock building, the guests are surrounded by various video  screens, an edited version of Hearts of Darkness is playing, which also includes  Mr. Coppola welcoming the riders to the MGM studio theme park and the Apocalypse.  Now ride Hearts Hearts of Darkness is the  documentary about the horror show that was making this movie.  Yeah, yeah.  So, you know, you want to.  Yeah, you'd you'd want to show you'd want to show overnight in the line for the  Boondock Saints, right?  It's  you want to see why not words and all Boondock Saints Veritas.  I that's really strange.  And what you know, I know that there's blue sky.  I know that, yeah, you know, you aim for the fences.  But the notion of Francis Ford Coppola say hello and on behalf of everyone here  in Hollywood, welcome to the MGM studio theme park.  I know he did Captain EO, but I don't know that it necessarily  whet his appetite for more.  No. Yeah.  George was a theme park guy.  George was the theme park guy.  Hi, I'm Francis Ford Coppola.  I'm here on the set of Dracula.  Keanu Reeves, Gary Oldman.  I'm here on the set of Jack.  Taking time out of my schedule to introduce you to.  I'm just at my winery trying new blends for exciting new endeavor.  Coppola wineries.  I I mean, that's the right move to get him to intro.  It would have been great to see a lazy intro from him.  Oh, man.  Imagine how this would be such this would be like we talk about this in every fourth  episode if there is there is. Yeah, sorry.  I could pull a video. Yeah.  Yeah. Is there a crazier movie that has been made into a ride like this?  Like in one that's because obviously like Jaws is a scary movie.  Isn't there a scary movie Europe?  Didn't we talk about a it's not crazier,  but isn't there an attraction based on you five seven one?  Kind of like that's right.  Very serious. Yeah, that's pretty serious.  But yeah, the the real war component of it, there's no three kings ride,  no three kings ride, no saving private Ryan.  I'm sure. Get in it.  Climb into your luck ever gets climb aboard a locker, which will magically take  flight. Yeah, Steven Spielberg.  Yeah.  He some of his more serious movies have not made it into the universal.  There's no Martin Scorsese.  There's no good fellows ride it out.  Well, that's no that guy.  He's a park rides as we know.  So he wouldn't want to have a raging bull experience.  No,  but the other thing about this document is  it only tangentially touches on Apocalypse.  Now there's a couple of moments where like a sound cue of Martin Sheen goes like  you better get back here in one piece and then later parts of it.  Don't die in the real war.  I later parts of it essentially do get built for the back lot.  River tour. Yeah.  Including some of the most notable parts of this ride,  which mostly involve various sizes of guns being pointed directly at guests.  Yeah, sure. Well, it's Apocalypse now.  What do you want? Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah.  Because there is a helicopter with like a gunner with like an animatronic gunner  like shooting at your boat in the back lot.  River tour. Yeah.  There's I think what's weird as you go through this document, too.  I mean, first of all, clue right there.  MGM Studio theme park.  That's exactly it.  Disney called their bluff and they had to do grand adventures.  It is now it's a place where you can go anywhere.  It's not about moviemaking.  But then like the dial.  This is what's really weird is that it's back and forth between Martin Sheen in  character. This is Captain Willard to PBR Excursion Patrol boat.  Come in.  And then before that, welcome to the Apocalypse Now River tour,  where we will show you how effects from that film and others are used to create  movie magic.  The most rote theme park, find the scenes, movie shit, but about like the most like  films are usually shot over the period over the course of two years and typically  drive everyone involved mad.  A little taste of that today, the behind the scenes stress of the film usually  exactly mirrors what's going on with the characters and becomes a metaphor.  In fact, for  the story being told, the  there is a fake temple sequence for a fake movie called Temple of Gloom.  Oh, yeah. Yeah.  That made it into the ride.  Well, that's OK.  So that right.  And you know, and then we, you know, we can talk about kind of like broader stuff  about the park, but it's like it is essentially I don't know.  Well, that's look, it's messy, right?  I think they they had to scramble.  What is this now?  So there's types of rides that we all know.  It's log flumes and rapids.  And those don't particularly have anything to do with movies or MGM.  And probably the only one that gets built that does is this back lot River Tour,  which is this.  So, yeah, clearly it was like a rewrite from Apocalypse Now because they didn't  get the rights to that or to anything.  It's all generic.  So they have to like just like come up with the kinds of names that movies would have.  It's so so like, again, it's it's the most strange mishmash because it's like  it's a ride vehicle that's a lot like Jaws Universal.  I saw a couple of videos say  these are the Jaws boats from the first fucked up for it because R&R  Creative Amusement Designs, as they were called at the time,  built was the original shitty version that the other company had to come in and fix.  Wow.  Then the boats were sold to MGM.  And these are the boats.  Yeah.  So I remember the shitty was trying to find more sources that say I saw a couple  of videos that said that and it did kind of seem right to the point where one  of the one of the bits of dialogue in this pitch document for the early version  of this ride just says, this has never happened before.  Stay calm and I'll get us out of here.  And I don't know if that's verbatim from one of the versions of the Jaws ride,  but it does seem like it. Right.  Like, well, I mean, sure.  But it also seems like a line that's in every theme park.  Right.  It's  head tight, everybody. Well, there's real people in there.  OK. Yeah, that's not everything.  Jungle cruise to  the new minions. Right.  Actually, probably.  And then it was the strangest thing.  We the guests went from being in peril to being the ones who saved the day ourselves.  Yeah.  It's funny how that happened.  Our heroism.  So so it's yes, you climb aboard shitty Jaws boats and you go  along a river where there's a wisecracking captain and you but you in this case,  you see places where movies are filmed.  But why are movies being filmed along a river?  Why are there five separate productions all right next to each other?  All very different genres.  It seems to me that the river would only get in the way of camera positions  and equipment would make it all much more of a mess.  I agree. This is a real backlog.  I agree with you. It seems impractical to do a set of productions like this.  Yeah. Also at the loading dock, there was some crates or like the shooting  schedule sign was labeled MGM movie world.  And I was like, that's not the name of this part.  Another one. Yeah.  They keep  they like the company got the prop done early.  Like, can you revise that?  No. On to the next one.  Pay us more, please.  Ten dollars and we'll write.  Nope, we don't have ten dollars.  We barely want to do this part to begin with.  So  so, yeah, you get your little board of what's being filmed here.  River Trader Swamp Creature,  Ironclad, Temple of Gloom, Jungle Storm.  So you ride by all these scenes and they all kind of represent different genres.  The one that stands out a lot to me as soon as the first time it ever occurred  to me to do YouTube digging of this park and I found the one home movie  ride through of it is definitely what really stands out is  those just a normal place to do crazy going on  and a big monster burst out that is like a pseudo creature from the black.  Yeah, yeah.  But it's just the like saddest, most teetery guy.  Yeah.  You would only be you're startled by just that something's happening.  It's not the monster itself.  Right.  So give him credit, I guess, for making a big sound.  But once you have eyes on it, he's pretty dopey.  It's yeah, it is.  It looks funny.  It looks like it like the still picture of it looks like it was like a joke or  something. Yeah, yeah.  It looks like it was not meant.  I mean, I guess they weren't thinking it was deadly serious or anything.  I'm just saying for like a movie, you would want it to be like a scary monster.  I know it's kind of a Home Depot Halloween decoration.  Yeah.  Some of those are scary.  Some of those are a little bit scary.  Are scary. Yeah.  Yeah, increasingly.  But very much an off brand like off brand Doc Brown.  This is off brand, you know, every creature, off brand monsters, off brand  productions is that that presumably is swamp creature.  Does one that is like it seems I think it's like the Civil War.  So we get two real wars represented in this one attraction.  There's one indoor scene.  You go into kind of a temple and the creature like a stone guy comes to life.  He's all right.  That's OK.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah, I don't know.  That might be my favorite part of it is the stone man.  I mean, I also here I am like snarking on it, of course.  But I think if I well, I did.  There's I haven't said this. I went I went.  I was in there. Yes. OK.  I was there, I think, in 94, I believe.  And I have fond memories of it.  I think I did do I must have done this ride.  And I think I was scared of the swamp creature.  Well, yeah. Then.  And I think I would have been fine.  This very cool.  This like miniature version of the Universal Tour, you know.  Yeah, that makes sense.  I seeing all the pictures of it and seeing it presented this way,  it does look like absolute shit across the board.  The whole park looks bad.  Everything looks like the money they've said they spent.  It seems like a complete waste of that much money in the 90s.  Everything else that like this, I would make sense looking at some of those  photos to go, oh, this was open in 1972 when they like added some things to it.  Sure. But you see it like, oh, this open in the 90s.  This is like it was complete shit.  Yeah. Well, you're absolutely right.  Like you would cut it some slack if it had been there forever.  But for a brand new like glistening part in 93,  there's this one photo.  I don't do the listeners much good, but let me show you guys this.  There's look at this.  This is like  this is a postcard of the park and it is rendered like any concept art you'd see  in the early 90s of any of the universal parks where it is like sprawling and glowy.  There is a glow on everything.  And there's, you know, a giant helicopter coming out of an explosion over in that  back lot river. It looks just like, you know, the Miami Vice thing.  And there's fireworks going on.  Like, I mean, this photo is so exciting.  Oh, yeah. And dynamic.  And we're at this.  I mean, this I want to go to this park very badly.  But you see it in the light of day and it's just like, like, here's here's an actual  shot of the park and this is a corner of like the New York street is what it is.  Yeah. And I think a lot of it just the atmosphere  was it seems like it's like an AI of a theme park.  It's like an almost there.  Well, you're right.  You did like take some theme park locales and kind of put them in a blender.  And that is sort of what a theme park looks like.  What I'm showing you guys right now,  does that specifically resemble anywhere that you can recall?  No, no.  I think it looks exactly like the kind  of the corner where the parade returns in town square.  OK, yeah. Main Street.  Yeah, right. You know, like the corner where the Lincoln Theater is.  But just like all rendered a little bit worse.  Yes, it's not.  And again, I would go as with all of these things.  You got to pin it on  amount of money spent space because it was small.  It was like 33 acres, I believe.  33 acres, which is small, less than half of California Adventure today.  And that's, you know, a park that was deemed too small when it opened.  It actually I think there's a lot of overlap with California Adventure.  The way it opened, where it's part of a big billion dollar enterprise.  Like this company is going to build a ton of stuff.  And some of the space and some of the money are going to a theme park.  How much? Enough. It's enough.  Don't worry about it.  Yeah. But where it feels a little bit like like an afterthought.  It's a little too small.  Things aren't done, you know, quite to the present value.  Yeah, the numbers, the expedition theme park video had a really good  list of numbers of like DC when DC, I guess, when DC are  a started, that was 55 acres.  MGM Grand Adventure's 33 acres.  To put in perspective with the movie theme park, Universal Studios Florida,  the original universe studios, Florida Park, 125 acres.  Wow. Wow.  That is crazy. Geez.  So a quarter. Yeah.  Yeah. And then when MGM  Grand Adventure's gets cut down, it gets cut by 40 percent down to 18.8 acres.  Ninety six almost daily.  It's crazy.  And 33 acres in Las Vegas is incredible.  That's a huge amount of space that they have like done giant things with.  Of course, in theme park world.  Oh, my God. The standard is so high.  How much space you really you need to do something that really matters.  Let me talk about my experience there a little bit.  I have very fond memories of it.  Definitely. I was trying to remember what to like.  I asked my parents about it, and the only thing I just remember at the time,  I remember like as a kid, the big theme of the of the visit, just being like,  oh, my God, the walking God, you walk a mile through the play,  you get lost down there, and it is true.  It is like all the way at the end of a really massive it's you're all the way  through the casino and then all the way through a very long row of giant  restaurants. It's what now is the path to the pool.  If you've ever stayed there, which is very, very long.  I mean, not I think now that I've stayed there a bunch, I'm like, Dad, cool.  It was come on.  It's big, but not knowing walk back.  Yeah. Not knowing where you're going oftentimes makes everything feel long.  That's everywhere.  That's everywhere. That's a Six Flags.  That's a casino. That's true.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's the idea in the casino.  Yes. Get lost.  But then it maybe shouldn't be the idea.  And that's the idea to Six Flags, too, is that you get lost and then  you end up spending another six hours there.  Then you get so frustrated that it's what  almost happened to me at Great America.  I almost went in for the fast lane thing.  That's like I've been wandering around.  I just want to get on a ride. How much is this thing?  That's still too much. Never mind. Crap.  Works on some people.  I mean, I think you can get a scope of the full property if you look at it now.  If you look at the satellite views now,  the MGM Grand Hotel is very large.  The Convention Center and the like  70,000 seat arena is large.  The pool complex is large.  And then there's also a Topgolf and then the signature at MGM Grand,  which is a series of condo towers.  Is there the MGM Grand?  Is that what you're talking about?  Is that what you're talking about?  Yeah.  The MGM Grand Arena.  Because that was like 16,000.  16,000.  So 70,000 is all I am.  I just didn't know if there's a different one.  No, no, no.  I've seen wrestling.  The place we go, there's wrestling shows, a lot of boxing, I feel like happens there.  I just didn't know if there was a second place.  I wasn't trying to shame you.  That's OK.  Often on this show, I am trying to shame you.  But not in this instance.  I was not trying to.  I was just pulling off the dome.  I was trying to remember.  I just wanted to make sure we were talking about the same thing.  I was pretty impressed.  Wait, were you also pulling off the dome, Mike?  Or did you look it up?  I thought that it was under 20,000 and I looked it up.  OK, so I it was off the dome, but I confirmed it off the dome before.  Your gut was off the dome.  It was you were going off the dome of your gut.  That's correct. Yes.  I OK, so tons of walking.  It's massive. That's the thing.  And then I asked my mom for memories of it and all she could.  I think she was like the rides were fairly nondescript.  And I probably skipped a bunch because I was still pretty little.  And I only started going on theme park rides while I've known you guys.  That's right.  I mean, you know, the good high octane.  Yeah, which they still did not have very much of kind of, I guess,  a weird let's build a family park without lots to do for little kids.  So the only thing my mom really remembered was the the opening  like the like the cutting of the ribbon in the morning, she said, was it  surprisingly grand ordeal?  It was a it was a big old thing and just waves of characters kept coming out.  So many real characters.  She was shocked by the amount of characters.  And it is sort of true if you if you get into it.  And I like this part, you've seen Louie.  Yeah.  But here's a photo from my family that my mom took of Louie.  Any feelings about Louie?  I mean, he's very he's he's in the theme park host mode that we're  familiar with with Mickey.  He's a tux guy.  And that's what lets you know he's in charge.  He seems more wholesome than characters around that time.  Like we've said before, mascot characters,  oftentimes like a Chuck E.  Cheese, you know, it feels like kind of they're like they present them as the  owner and they're a little shady. Yeah.  But he does seem a little more, I don't know, pure of heart.  Well, here he is.  Can't does he have a crown on?  He does have a crown.  OK, he's a benevolent king, a king in a tuxedo.  Right.  It's a funny blend now that I think I don't know if I've ever seen it out in the  world, a real king in a tuxedo.  Usually in something kind of fancier than a tuxedo.  Maybe in the Princess Diaries, the royalty.  That's like royalty in modern times.  Charles was a tuxedo, right?  Yeah. Charles.  But even then, you still got kind of like, you know, it's not like that.  Two dads.  Yeah. Honors pins.  Right.  You know, the Southwest airline wings.  Right. Yeah.  Yeah. Here's well, here's a cartoon of him.  This is from a map or something.  And he looks I like him.  I'm not I'm not creeped out by Louie.  I like him. That doesn't seem like much of a bar.  But, you know, there's a lot we all know.  There's a lot of creepy theme park characters.  Yeah, I like him.  Yeah. And I like him here where he's holding  a giant pocket watch with his own face in the in the face of the clock.  I think the king might be like a nickname and it's like a jughead kind of crown.  That could be it. Yeah.  He's like a hipster of entertainment.  He's a hipster that wears a suit, ironically, or a tuxedo, ironically.  Yeah, he sort of Louie was the king.  Louie is the original hipster.  That's right. Yeah.  Now, do you have the names of some of the other characters?  I don't. They're pretty funny.  Let's hear them.  Louie Jr. Oh, I think that's a kid.  I miss Louie Jr.  Congrats on the I'm sorry.  I should have congratulated Louie on on his prince sooner.  Oh, my gosh. He is a kid.  I think you have one kid.  Well, yeah.  And then I think there is a lady lion named Lucy.  OK, is that his lady friend?  I'm assuming they're a family that they're an item.  OK, I found Louie Jr.  gaming token from 1993.  OK, so was Louie Jr. was on money?  Was on like their currency, their arcade tokens.  Yeah, kids are going to love them.  You're going to want some Louie Jr. to take home.  Is Louie Jr. cute?  Maybe he's cute.  Yeah, I think he's cute.  It's kind of a weird drawing and I'm it's hard to see on a back of a token.  It's here. I just found the mythology.  It is Louie Jr. is Louie and Lucy's kid.  But Louie and Lucy are siblings.  Does that say that?  Yeah, I was in the guy map.  They wrote it.  Yep. Right next to here's where the bathrooms are.  Here's first aid.  And just so you know, Louie and Lucy are siblings.  That's the sort of horror that you would expect in like Apocalypse Now or something.  But I insist  that's what the horror is.  There's a lot of he had to have sex with his sister.  Seen stuff.  There's a lot of unnerving stuff in Apocalypse Now.  That's what must have been in the longer cut.  Reminds me how it's in the French plantation scene in Apocalypse Now.  OK. Oh, in the background, some brothers and sisters are doing it.  That reminds me how I think like, look,  their little treatment for the apocalypse now, right, seem pretty good.  But what it could have used is because you're looking at it.  There's no Kurtz. You're looking for Kurtz.  Yeah. It's a point in the movie.  So that's so at the end, it should be a 30 foot tall animatronic Kurtz.  Oh, yeah.  It's King Kong and he rocks your boat back.  And he says the horror, the horror.  And everyone cheers as he said the line.  He's like the Yeti on Everest.  Yeah. Yeah.  OK. Yeah.  And then he gives a giant Larry King a big kiss on the mouth  to the boat.  He kids. Yeah. OK.  He kisses your boat as I'm going to kiss you like you, Larry King.  It's the only thing that I remember about the last 20 years of Marlon Brando.  Sure. I mean, it's at the forefront of most of our minds or our minds.  Yeah. I mean, I also the thing I the other one I love about him is when there's  that Michael Jackson tribute concert before 9-11, that like all the biggest stars  are on this thing, it's insane.  There's Liza Minnelli and Diana Ross and Whitney Houston in sync and Britney.  But then Michael's friends, all these actors, they got to be part of it, too.  So Elizabeth Taylor has to talk mildly incoherently.  And then Marlon Brando has to talk really  incoherently, so they just roll out.  This is just suddenly a couch on the stage and he's sitting there in sunglasses.  And he starts just muttering and most of you don't know what the muttering is.  And the only part anybody could make  out is like, you know, they're killing the chopping up kids with machetes.  Where?  Who is specifics on that Marlon?  Can you put are you done?  Can you bring out Usher now, please?  I whatever I feel like I've seen that whole special, but I really don't remember  Marlon Brando. That was not on the television version.  OK, that makes a lot of sense.  I've seen all of that show.  Oh, yes, I've seen that many times.  Because I like what happened with that special is like, OK, we filmed it great.  Now to cut out all of the parts that are  bizarre and not suitable for television like Marlon Brando ranting about  machetes and now also to digitally touch up all the not all the performers, maybe  certain performers for many, many months before this is suitable to be aired.  Wow, I got to go home and where you watch this now.  Check it out. Yeah, that's two thousand twenty years ago.  Like retouches to.  Yeah, I bet it.  I bet you can tell that it doesn't hold up.  Yeah, but it's no dial of destiny.  Yeah.  Because people have been to be getting touched up for the last so many years at  movies, but I bet the technology is pretty good that we only have the technology then.  Yeah, Elizabeth had at first.  Sure. They used it on the Flintstones.  The only way I do the film.  Now I give it to you, Michael Marlon Brando in in a Michael Jackson music video.  Right. Yeah, exactly.  Same time, the same couple of months.  Yeah. Yeah.  My world.  Yeah. He shows up suddenly and like  he's like in a white suit and a bar and like Michael's.  Who is in the car with Michael on 9-11?  I think it was in a Marlon.  Elizabeth Taylor, Marlon Brando was one of them driving.  Maybe.  Which one of those three would you trust to drive?  Oh, my God.  Oh, what a question.  Yes.  I can't say Michael.  There are so many pills.  Yeah.  No, God.  Oh, that's a really good question.  Oh, shit. I think I think we have to choose.  Yeah, we have to choose.  OK, we're not as good.  We each can have our own choice.  Elizabeth, I think Liz Taylor, I think that option either.  But I bet.  Yeah, I bet she for some reason was doing better with the pills than the other two.  Yeah. And what's the story?  They flee the city.  They fled the city.  I think so.  Yeah, I think the three of them in a car together.  Car.  Someone should write that as a movie, probably.  Well, there was some like was an attempt to make some TV version of it.  And that's why I'm thinking of it like a  white British actor plays Michael Jackson and says he regrets it to this.  Is it Joseph Fiennes?  It's like a major actor.  And Brian Cox, I think, is Marlon Brando.  Oh, yeah. Here's a there's a people.  Elizabeth Taylor, Michael Jackson, Marlon Brando's rumored 9-11 road trip.  The truth behind the myth.  Michael, we're going to have to repopulate the earth.  I think that's the start of the apocalypse.  I would know I was in apocalypse now.  This is the apocalypse now.  So you and I are both going to have to take turns with Liz repopulating.  I'm at the taxicote.  You want corn nuts or combos?  This says this never happened.  This people article.  I mean, that's probably probably.  It sounds too fun and silly.  It says Elizabeth was in New York with Debbie Reynolds.  She did not get in the car.  She didn't run.  There's only one way to get away from the Twin Towers.  We have to we all three of us have to get in a car right now.  All right. So we interrupted a list of sorry.  Yeah.  I will look.  Let me just throw out this one that here's here's a pretty good photo of me  and my sister, and here's us hanging out with Bluto.  Oh, wait, Bluto or Bruto.  What is these?  Bluto. It's Bluto.  Because this was one of the many theme parks from over the years where you could  meet the Popeye gang, another place to get some quality time with our pals.  And it's a good thing that this we don't know what kind of lockdown they had on  the rights because if this place hadn't closed so quick,  maybe your beloved Islands of Adventure couldn't have built your beloved build  rat barges, build barges, one of the wettest water huts maybe in the world.  Popeye getting soaked.  Oh, yeah. You get drenched, drenched on that.  And Dudley do right.  Yeah. They take no prisoners.  Yeah.  We talk about that.  But yeah, they had Popeye do it.  There's so few photos.  Is there was there like an olive oil walk around?  Was it just Popeye and Bluto?  There was olive oil and they're like, I guess you would say for character.  They're not face characters.  You should call them for characters.  The turns face characters are for characters like.  So would you call these for characters?  That's what I was trying to figure out.  We ever said that on the shows, God.  I don't think so.  Yeah.  Like Peter Pan.  I know what you're talking about.  A face character that we've never used before.  It is strange when it's not an animal.  Yeah.  That's what I was trying.  I was thinking about this.  I was like, would you call these for characters?  They're just big, puffy human.  Carl from up is a fur character.  Yeah.  That starts to feel very skin is furry.  If you were to touch it, Edna mode is a fur character.  There's some that are both sometimes.  Like, I'm trying to think.  There has been the good fairy or the fairy godmother.  She's the fairy godmother.  Right.  Sometimes she's a human face and sometimes he's a for character.  Horrifying like strangers kind of mask.  Yeah.  But that's for character.  I need further information.  You need to know what the mask is made of.  Well, now I need to know if there is a further information is the  further information for character enthusiasts.  Yeah.  Well, that's the polite way of saying furry.  Yeah.  Not that it has to be a polite way, but I'm just saying.  I mean, one of the most fascinating  juxtapositions is the the short lived Islands of Adventure show,  the cartoon circus show that was in that giant theater, amphitheater in like  Intune Lagoon, and it was half like Dagwood and Blondie are face characters  with like weird grotesque stuff on them, and then there's like Rocky and Bullwinkle  too, and it's all kind of set up in a way that it's like, oh, it is certain.  People are doing nice throwing and like unicycle acts and stuff.  I well, I hope it's the face characters.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah.  Well, the fur characters, if you miss a knife, it like gets caught.  You know? Oh, yes.  True. Yeah. There's more protection.  So and they know Dagwood rock.  OK.  I saw.  Yeah, there's all my fun.  Oh, sorry.  The song is the circus is coming to tune.  I love what I love.  Video, video, this which I love, but I call me crazy.  I love it.  It's coming to tune.  You remember saying it in 1999 going, what?  What is what's going on?  I have a photo of them in the holiday mode as well.  You ever wanted to know what Popeye looked like dressed up like Santa?  I would like to know that.  Now, you know, wonder no longer.  This is a big day.  The so you can meet the Popeye gang and you don't have to go all the way to Malta to do it.  And then here's this in keeping with what my mom was saying that the characters just  keep coming here now, we're at a location called the Tumbleweed Hotel.  Must be like an old West area.  And then here's a bunch of characters and they all look like giant babies with  single teeth and like they're they're they're cowboys and different, you know,  marms, whatever you want to call it.  And I'm like, these look really specific.  It seems weird that they would be just completely invented for MGM Grand  Adventures, but no, in fact, these are from an old comic strip called Tumbleweed.  Does anyone know that name is familiar, but I know nothing past that.  This is again now.  And again, we're in the upper echelon of podcasters who know about really obscure,  unpleasant comic strips that started in the 60s.  And that's what this is.  Too recent, too recent.  I don't get in on any of that hippie shit.  I check the date my comics were started.  If it's pre-depression, I'm in.  I have seen these.  I have seen Tumbleweed.  I have seen Tumbleweed as well.  I've never read a single strip, though.  I don't know anything about the thought of seeing them in like puffy costumes  in three dimensions is very weird.  I don't want to see a fur character of Tumbleweed or of sorry, I've not vetted  this description epic.  That's the name epic.  Tumbleweed's toothless alcoholic plug chewing sway back second horse once a US  cavalry horse, but now but drummed out of the service.  So, hey, kids, come to Las Vegas.  Your dad's going to gamble today, but you get to meet epic.  A drunk horse was drummed out of the core.  The leaving Las Vegas.  There seems to be some.  I'm going to see at this point.  There seems to be some stuff that's aged  poorly in tumbleweeds from the quick glance at it in the old west.  You're sorry.  Yeah.  But the horse that drunk horse sounds good.  Are you saying anyone in this?  Why is anyone in this photo that my mom took in 1994 age poorly?  I'd have to look a little closer.  Any poor cultural depictions?  No, maybe a quick look  for tumbleweed.  So Tumbleweed ended in 2007.  Geez.  Wow.  Just there in plain sight.  Everyone passing it.  All of us.  You guys like the funnies.  Aaron likes the funny.  She's like, I have just passed tumbleweed for year after year.  No interest.  Fifty years of tumbleweed.  Fifty years.  Maybe it was just too close in the lineup under Prince Valiant.  I just skipped over the whole.  Yes.  Was this did this rip off F troop or did F troop rip off this?  What year did F troop come out?  I think F troop may have sailed along without any awareness of tumbleweeds.  They're the same.  I think it is never even knew about it.  They come out the same year.  Oh, my God.  Wow.  This is a job for me.  This is a little project for me to figure out if F troop and tumbleweeds had any  connection holding your daughter.  If you're a listener who might not know what F troop is, it was a sitcom in the 60s.  1965.  I know it. I watched it growing up a little, but I couldn't produce one character name.  I couldn't.  Corporal Agar.  I think was Larry Storch, who just passed away at 99 a couple of months ago.  Not a PT or kill him.  I think I brought Larry Storch up recently.  I wouldn't put it past you.  Yeah.  I apologize to the Storch estate, the Storch family, if I brought him up and he died.  And F troop is not Hogan's heroes.  One is of course.  One is the Wild West.  Hogan's heroes more popular.  Much more popular.  Yeah.  In terms of characters, though, I did see footage, some of the preserved footage of  like the characters coming out.  First off, the characters were led by like a team of employees and khakis and very  loud windbreakers. Great.  And then I think there was an announcement of the characters of like King Louis,  Louis Jr., Lucy, Wacky Wolf.  And I really couldn't find much about Wacky Wolf.  If you want to talk generic, it just was a very generic wolf in like a polo or  something and itchy and scratchy and friends.  They had to invent some friends.  Yeah.  Manic mailman.  And then it was Popeye, Olive Oil and Bluto.  And then it cut to the windbreaker like dance like the windbreaker employees were  like all dancing, like not super choreographed dancing either.  Yeah, there's also I got some purple dinosaurs here.  I don't know what they are.  They not Barney, more of a brontosaurus.  No, no, they didn't have the Flintstones because you would have seen the Flintstones.  Yeah.  But there's a couple of things in this you can see in the background, just very  clearly the MGM Grand Parking Garage.  So, you know, sight lines.  Oh, sight line, Oliver.  Yeah.  But then I just noticed this right now is that there's a hanging sign for a wedding  chapel. I think you could get married in this lame theme park.  I guess I didn't come across that.  Oh, wait, here it is.  This is from an article from around the time.  A section of the park designed to resemble New York has no muggers.  OK, but it does include two express  wedding to two to two wedding chapels.  There's very few.  They have the same amount of rides and wedding chapels.  The demand was going to be so high that they needed to be prepared.  It's like Tower of Terror.  If you load on two different levels, you get done that much.  Yeah, crank through.  Yeah, get that wedding line down.  There is also an old English village street with a not so quaint Burger King.  There is just a Burger King in Old England.  And and and you know, well, what else was in Old England?  Rides or attractions?  Answer No.  Well, welcome to Old England.  Hey, while you're here, check out Burger King and then get the fuck out.  I saw a group of performers in the Old English section, just a little shortest  little clip, and they were, of course, singing  Consider Yourself from Oliver Oliver.  British, you know, Oliver Twist, you know.  Have I have I mentioned  that I played that in the marching band in high school?  OK, yeah, that seems like a good director, because our director would intro everything  and he would say the band, the Shamrock High School band would like you to consider  yourself one of us and then we'd be  and in hindsight, it's just a funny like during a football game, like everyone's  going to be like, hell, yeah, consider yourself.  Wow.  I thought I thought I was cool because I'm on the football team.  But now I know today I'm one of the marching band.  Yeah, that could be me playing the off key to man be as cool as the artful Dodger  himself.  It's where I developed my play philosophy.  I try to play like the artful Dodger,  duck and weave like he through the streets of London.  The opposing team is that mean Bill Sykes coming for me.  It I've said this before, too, though,  the next the next year or the year after that we did we had an all sticks show,  though.  God, how many are there?  What do you mean? Songs? Yeah, we did three or four.  OK, too much time on my hands.  Mr. Roboto and I was ambitious.  That's like a sweet.  We did all thing.  I'm trying to think what else? What are the hits?  What? I can't think of the third.  They're all sweets. Come sail away.  We did come sail away.  We did not do sweet man of blue.  So a lot of changes, like a lot of like, yeah, sweets like you're saying.  I got to go through my trumpet case, see if I have the old sheet music for it.  You got your trumpet is out of here with you.  Yeah, my parents moved out of here.  All my shit's here.  Yeah, sorry.  Do you really need to go through your old trumpet case and get the old?  What's going to then what will happen?  I have then I'll know for sure what it was and I'll know the arrangements and I'll  know what like the truncated versions of the song you could start playing stuff.  You could start playing solo sticks.  Well, I've shows in full disclosure.  I just bought a new mouthpiece and some new tuning grease.  And because I haven't played a trumpet.  What? Really? I haven't played trumpet many years.  I play guitar and everything, but I haven't played trumpet.  Well, I'm like, you know what? I can play this.  I know how to play.  You can start playing taps to wake up your daughter.  That's right. There'll be taps and patriotic.  Yeah.  Finally, she'll understand  my patriotism.  Well, she's going to grow up in an era  laden with AI and the challenges that come from that.  What better way to teach her all about it than with Mr.  Roboto? That's right.  Dennis DeYoung was way ahead of this whole trend.  And when you play an instrumental of that song,  a trumpet, she needs to know a blaring trumpet bass from an old from a like  student level trumpet from purchased in nineteen ninety five missing a couple.  I've played it since fifth grade.  A couple of buttons. What do you call them?  What do you call the things you press?  Valves, valves, fifth grade.  I think I had it since.  So it's an old ass.  I don't want to disclose my age at this point, but  it's 30 years old.  It's less than 30. But yeah.  So anyway, I'm getting there.  They're like, wait, I thought Mike was a teen.  I know. I know.  Cool. And knows about all the teen stuff from topic.  You're telling me he's north of 30.  Yeah, I'm north of.  Let's just call it there. I'm north of 30.  Yeah. Believe it or not.  So, yeah, I'll I'll update everybody on my trumpet.  Yeah.  You're making a promise for the show.  Yeah. For one of these shows.  Oh, you had a Kenny Rogers Roasters in there also.  And those were that was new.  I think a lot of people's first experience with Kenny was at this park.  Actually, I found a Reddit thread and people were talking about their memories.  And someone said, I don't have a lot of memories of the rides,  but I remember eating at Kenny Rogers Roasters.  That's like the most popular IP there at that point.  Kenny Rogers IP.  I think so. Yeah, because they got no movie.  They didn't end up with Apocalypse Now.  And they didn't like, you know, on the Club Three,  we're going to talk about this Wizard of Oz walkthrough that was in the casino  and not the theme park. The theme park is bereft of anything of that nature.  There's no I couldn't tell you what's in the MGM library exactly.  But, you know, you associate MGM Grand with Wizard of Oz.  And that's why it's the color, the emerald.  And but none of that is reflected in the park,  which maybe that is due to the Disney licensing stuff.  Right. But it is.  Yeah. All you get, you get Kenny Rogers and you get Popeye.  Yeah.  It's yeah, I don't know.  If you're coming to meet your friends, you're not going to meet a lot of friends.  There should have been a gamble.  The Gambler ride or something. We're in Vegas.  It's this big song. Yeah.  Yeah. Jason was excited.  He's been the whole show.  Yeah.  Well, there seems like I was going to say the,  you know, to to allude to the club, the Wizard of Oz animatronics in that walk  through look pretty good. The animatronics in the theme park.  There's like two or three in the Backlot River.  You got an off brand Creech Friend Black  Lagoon, you have a helicopter gunner shooting at you.  And then you have a squirrely crew member at the very end of the ride.  What is that about?  I mean, guy with a broom.  So in the pitch document, the apocalypse now, it does mention a crew guy with a  cigarette hanging out of his mouth at the end of the ride.  They I think they just gave him a bushy mustache.  Yeah, that's strange.  They they also refer to this did not make it into the ride.  But they say like and suddenly around the boat, you know, animatronics,  special forces, Navy SEALs come out of the water with their M16s pointed at you  in wetsuits and blackface on.  And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know if they call it that.  I don't know. That's the official name.  Paint has to be like an official military term like paint.  Yeah. Dark gray paint.  I think they mean camouflage paint.  But like, oh, I don't I don't know.  That's I think do another pass on that.  You know, I don't know.  I loved the ride or a bunch of people in blackface pointed military weapons at your  boat and then later on a different guy in a helicopter shoots at your boat.  Ladies and gentlemen, the most canceled ride  no, didn't have that nor did.  Yeah. How many how are they going to get all those characters popping out of the water?  That's crazy. Well, this is a good way to maybe segue into a ride called Grand  Canyon Rapids. They had a rapid ride.  I don't remember if I did this.  This might have been my first rapid ride or that or it was a Hershey Park a couple  of years later.  But Disney didn't have these yet.  You know, this this was still I guess regional parks did.  But Rapids Reds were still new a little bit.  And I'm going to give them a little credit on this one because there were  animatronics, though, so so many.  And I discovered this was the very first big professional gig of Garner Holt's  frequent presence on the show.  Now Disney stuff has done things, great animatronics everywhere.  All the not stuff that we like.  And evidently he he came out of just insanely complex haunts and mazes.  That's what kicked off his career.  And somebody part of this saw his work there and said, hey, do you want a shot?  Yes, I do.  This is the big time.  This is what I've been waiting for.  Then he saw the scope of it and the budget that he was allotted and thought,  if I don't make this work, this might be it for me.  Actually, I think this was an extremely stressful endeavor for Garner Holt.  But he thought this is the way to get his foot in the door.  And it worked out.  Yeah, this was a big success.  And kicked off a really amazing animatronic career.  I would love to know a very detailed version of how you get that together.  Like you're like, but a humble robot  maker, and then all of a sudden you get contracted to do a really big project.  And then it's like, oh, shit.  Like, how do you pull it together?  Like that's a whole podcast, probably in and of itself talking to him.  We should probably we should pursue a Garner Holt.  That was something that was maybe going to happen before the pandemic.  We have picked up again.  Yeah.  But  he claimed now, like  according to Mr.  Holt, he swears this ride was actually pretty good.  He's proud of his work on it.  I found some photos.  Some of the info on this came from there's a website.  You guys may have found it for other stuff.  That's not called theme park university.  Yeah.  But I think it's not around anymore.  Yeah, I was trying to find a placeholder website.  Now I think you have to go to Internet Archive.  You got archive.org it.  They have a bunch of like a big extensive  articles about a lot of these rides and some pictures.  Yeah, like an old prospector guy and is like in his red pajamas and bathhouse.  He's got some character, right?  Yeah, this is pretty good.  And then just kind of I don't know what this this this shape is just man one JPEG.  Here's kind of somewhat off putting, but well done.  Just bald guy.  I don't know.  Was he working on the railroad?  Is he a butcher?  I don't know what he is.  Dick Tracy villain ask face.  I'm not saying he's a bad, but he seems nicer.  Yeah, yeah, I agree.  It's kind of just like, yeah, I don't know.  He's got a big chin.  I ain't so bad.  Yeah.  But this is Darren's recollection, too, because she went to this park and it was  it was still open when she went.  She's that's the one she'll say.  Rapid's OK.  Rapid's not so bad.  Fourteen characters.  Garner made most of the props to big dynamite explosion ending like what ended  up in Big Thunder.  Keep in mind also Disney, a couple of years later, opens  Grizzly River Rapids, no animatronics on that.  Still not probably better like environments in that thing.  Yeah, I give him credit for I don't know  that it was common or still is common to have animatronics on Rapids ride.  So maybe this this might be the one zone where I say Grand Adventures did it right.  Well, the one that I think of is the one at Nautz they redid in that Garner whole  production was involved in redoing.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Which is so that's that's nice.  It's a throwback to this little charming thing.  I'm also I would like to shout out the place that you mentioned, Jason,  are in our creative that did that mock up of the Apocalypse Now concept.  They were involved in two of the ones we've  mentioned already, Backlot River Ride and Grand Canyon Rapids and one we should  maybe head into called Deep Earth Explorations.  And I think they're pretty responsible for the the environments,  which, you know, on a budget, pretty well done, I'd say.  And I realized this I was on their website.  They are behind a ton of things that I have mentioned in the last month.  Those that I've been very charmed by those being the pirate mini golf at Santa Cruz  Beach, for a while.  I recommend this again.  Really good mini golf.  They did the rides up their haunted castle and cave train.  And at Gilroy Gardens on the second gate, I was going on and on about a couple of  rides, the round boats and the 20s slash 50s car track.  That's way better than Autopia.  Right. This place did those.  And the animatronic show that I didn't get to sing were all that I didn't get to see  where all of the fruits and vegetables sing Salads USA.  Oh, man. Now I know where it came from.  It came from this this little place.  So they've done a lot of these kind of good non Disney, non universal ties together  a bunch of really recent history.  So I'm all for R&R.  Do you have it in front of you?  Do you know what's the newest thing they've done or does it list anything chronologically?  It's a pretty ancient website.  Yeah, I didn't tell them they were still around.  Yeah.  Maybe you don't.  In this line of work, maybe the websites don't have to be.  That's maybe right.  I did the website.  I feel like said founded in 1981.  We've been doing this for 30 years.  And I was like, well, that would put us to 2011.  Is that right?  So maybe not.  So I don't know.  I the contact.  There were no social media links.  It was just a contact form.  You want to talk a little bit.  Deep Earth Exploration.  Yeah, the one that they worked on.  And now this it's kind of impossible to tell if this one you might also give the nod.  They actually did OK on it because there's not a video.  I don't think there are some photos.  I think a lot of these probably it's just it's a level of darkness that an old  camcorder is not going to be able to pick up.  So they're kind of lost to time.  But this one sounds interesting.  I have no idea if they pulled it off,  but it's described as sort of a proto Spider-Man slash Indy in that it's a  simulator car on a track.  So you're moving from room to room and the vehicle is doing the stuff,  simulating motion that the track is not actually capable of.  So maybe, I mean, if they got to that mechanism first and did it OK,  yeah, you got to give them credit for that.  But I don't know. It may have sucked.  It may have sucked.  We have to get like the people like like your Tony Baxter's.  The world seemed to have gone to all these places when they opened and stuff.  Like he's talked about Star Trek experience and stuff.  So I would love to like talk to people who like the pros who remember it and be  like, oh, yeah, that was actually really good.  Or we stole some idea from that or something.  Yeah, it's possible.  You never know.  It's also a ride where you go deep down into the earth and find crazy stuff down  there and that not too long gets done at Tokyo Disney Sea, the rising ride journey  to the center of the earth.  So they got to deep earth first.  They got to simulators first.  The thing that makes me skeptical is that I think like, OK, and we're up and running.  Yeah, let's get these cars out there.  And then it was basically that like  windows open and close, kind of like that's the web slingers now.  So some of the gaps would be filled in with you.  Now you watch your screen.  And this is what in theory you're right.  We're showing you like exteriors kind of before you're somewhere.  Yeah, I think so.  Or like maybe now we go to a model and that's something that the right where the  ride couldn't take you and then the window.  Right.  So now we're looking at a bunch of magma or whatever.  Right.  But apparently that video was a laser disc player and it had to get moved out  of the cabin because the all the motion made it skip.  Oh, no.  They may have victimized this ride a little bit bad.  I don't know, but it sounds kind of good.  I don't know.  You see crazy creatures and rock slides and gorgeous.  This at least would sound like it has enough stuff to have been memorable either  way, if that makes sense.  Yeah. Yeah.  It's not just like, oh, it was like if it was if it was bad,  I bet it was kind of interesting and bad.  Or if it was good, it was good.  Yeah.  I know it sounds like an interesting ride system for the time.  Sounds like there was a lot of show scenes.  So I guess I'm just I'm giving it credit for if we could see it, we would talk about it.  Yeah, I think so.  Yes. But it's just a mystery now.  Just like if Tumbleweed and F Troop were better enemies.  Right. Yeah.  One of life's great mysteries.  Right.  We'll have to really put some time in to find that answer.  So there's that.  What are big ones that we've not?  Well, the King Louis Theater,  that I saw something in the King, assuming that the King Louis Theater.  Wait a minute. I don't know.  I don't know, because there was also  there was another name for a theater that I saw.  Wait, let me find my show.  King Louis Theater gets renamed to Manhattan Theater at some point.  You're talking about that you're in the movies or the Gold Rush Theater.  I see.  I don't what I saw was in the Magic Screen Theater.  So maybe that's different.  Wait, do we have OK, let's let's start with the one you mentioned.  That is a different entity.  I think I think there were like three theater.  Well, that's pretty good.  You know, I hear later Manhattan Theater.  What would you see in there?  Ice skating spectacle starring King Louis.  That sounds good.  Sounds good.  Yeah, I'd like to see him skate.  Can he keep the crown on?  I would love to see that.  I assume he did keep the crown on.  I don't know which theater.  Oh, you know what?  I think this is Magic Screen.  I'm sorry. It's all I can speak to is Magic Screen.  One of my only memories, and it's kind of crazy that I can remember this.  Like, I remember my point of view seeing this in 94 or whatever it was.  I saw a show.  I was like, I felt mad typing in.  MGM Grand Adventures Blacklight show.  That's all I could remember.  It was a show that utilized black light so that there could be a bunch of people  just in all black like theater style moving stuff around and you couldn't see  it was all the props glow, but all the people puppeteering blend into the  background and I found it.  The show is called Kaleidoscope.  Oh, OK.  And let me now expel this from my brain onto you guys and the listener.  I specifically remember that this show was so inane like I think the puppeteering  all plenty impressive and everything and the pride.  I remember it like popping and looking kind of cool.  But I remember this one.  Now we're back to this kind of like a movie theme.  And I remember that there was a astronaut scene and the astronaut was on a big  cord getting him back into the connecting him to the ship and that somebody then  year a voice, I don't know if it's the astronaut or a director says cut and then  a big pair of scissors comes out and then the same voice says, not that kind of cut.  Why do I remember that?  Wow.  Is that in my brain?  And then I also then I remember turning to my mom as if to go, do you think this  is good? And she did the same thing back to me.  Like, I don't know.  I don't think this is good.  Yeah.  And it was maybe a kind of a loss of innocence where I was used to the top  tier entertainment at Disney and Universal that my mom took me to and was excited to  take me to. And now she's like, I'm sorry, son.  I don't think this one is good.  Not up to the standards.  Not that kind of cat.  You can't find a video of this.  I don't think so.  I tried.  Very funny.  I didn't go through everyone's home movies of it, but I'm dying to now just to.  And what if I made it up?  Well, maybe somebody listening could maybe do your work for you and send it to you.  Are you buying it or something?  You're a commercial pilot and you know what Scott's talking about.  Please send us that clip so he doesn't have to narrow or an area or the reasons  to contact us. Scott, can I did you see the other shows that that would play in the  Magic Street?  You got BMX grind.  That's BMX bikes and inline skating.  Yeah.  And then this is the only the only proof I've seen of just the phrase a live  recreation of the three stooges, three stooges live.  Yeah, that's there are people on it's got a little sad.  Yeah, because there's an Instagram I think I might follow where guys are  just doing three stooges.  They're doing new versions of the classic gags, not the care, not the  cast of the movie from 10 years ago.  Well, I am aware that there is if you want a little more authenticity in your three,  in your modern three stooges, then I would direct you towards a gentleman  who professes to be Curly's grandson.  I know exactly. Yes. This is what I'm talking about.  I wasn't actually even going to say it,  but yes, I follow Curly's grandson on Instagram.  Oh, OK.  That's what I'm talking about.  I know all about Curly's grandson.  I well, I hate to brag.  I hate to brag, but I was on a zoom in early pandemic times when the zooms were  still fun. I remember that.  And there was a  on one week of this zoom of watching weird stuff.  Curly's grandson was there.  It was where we watched clips of Curly's grandson.  And then the very next week, all of a sudden a box appeared.  Who is this joining the zoom?  Oh, my God. It's no way.  So, yes, I have been on a zoom.  Who put it together?  I don't think you'll mind me saying Jason Waller.  OK, all right.  It makes a lot of sense.  Yeah.  That makes sense to me.  I found a way to get a hold of Curly G, Curly's grandson.  Wow.  In my head, I was thinking, I was like, it sounds like a Jason Waller project.  Yeah, it sounds like a Waller special.  He put some true magic together in those early days.  Can I ask on the same, not the zoom where Curly's grandson showed up,  but the previous zoom or clips were being watched.  Was Sunglass, Sunglass's Jack shown?  Do you know what I'm talking about?  I don't recall.  Oh, no, my God.  What is this?  I think it's Sunglass, Sunglass or Sunglass, Sunglass's Jack.  It's a man who's Jack Nicholson impersonator and he's got a lot of followers,  but he also like dances and stuff, too.  He does like other stuff that is not really in the character of Jack Nicholson.  But he's very, he's very popular on Instagram.  SunglassesJack.com.  Yeah, there he is.  Yeah.  As you guys can see, as you listeners can see,  podcast the ride Sin City Nights is a world of difference from the regular podcast  the ride. We talk about crazy stuff like Curly G and SunglassesJack and F Troop  and old, old comic strips, which, by the way, is King Features Syndicate.  If you were, I didn't want to leave you.  Tumbleweed.  Tumbleweed. Yes.  That one, not a mystery.  So, yeah, three, that's very miserable.  There's also something called Clint  Carvalho and his extreme parrots.  By the way, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry.  It is SunglassesJack.  That's his name and it's three hundred and thirty thousand followers on Instagram.  And I do I hate again, we have to watch just like I haven't seen these.  This is just some of the audio listeners need to know.  But it's  Jack Nicholson impersonator playing the bongos.  And then he like I think he recently started doing the voice, but he was not  doing the voice a lot. What?  Wait, he built a following without doing the voice.  I think he's doing the voice maybe now.  Let's hold on.  He's just dancing here.  I can I attest that I am looking at a Jack Nicholson impersonator while that music  like, wow, Jack Nicholson impersonator, huh?  You must do a great impression of him.  That's not really the point of it.  Maybe a more pedestrian impersonator might do an impression, but kind of do like  the ice bucket challenge more like that.  He's just walking around with Joker makeup on here.  I'm trying to find how many followers do you have?  Three hundred and thirty thousand.  Do we have five?  I don't know.  But here we are with our notes and our research.  I learned about Kirk Corian fucking eating shit to Sunglass Jack.  This is a niche show for a small amount of weirdos and Sunglass Jack.  Sunglass Jack is what the people want.  This is a mass entered.  When all the networks and streaming services go belly up, all that's going to be  left is guys like Sunglass Jack giving the people what they want and not.  This is not the drill from Twitter, which is Jack Nicholson, like a warped photo.  Jack Nicholson and Sunglass's drill.  Yeah, drill.  He writes the jokes on Twitter for like, oh, I see.  We're decade. Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  No, it's not. This is a different.  This is that is a different sunglasses.  If I tell you how long he's been reading  the 2009 or so, the best account of Twitter.  OK,  there's a ride that is probably best mostly skipped called The Haunted Mine.  Haunted Mine. Huh.  What's that about?  Is it about what's in there?  Frankenstein's and the vampires and it's like a Native American thing.  Yeah. Look, that's not a good  they aren't monsters.  They're no. Yeah.  Maybe you shouldn't.  They're not just about vengeful and they lead them and curses on the one wiki.  I'm on. They leave that part out of the description.  Yeah. Yeah.  The review I'm reading.  Well, it did have a big on the plus side, a big spider on the minus side.  It was kind of clever, but also mildly offensive and not terribly scary.  So that's the Haunted Mine.  There is a roller coaster.  Yeah, I want to I want to talk about this lightning bolt.  This is an indoor coaster space themed  because that's easy to do inside in the dark like Space Mountain.  No sense. Yeah.  The the journey of this coaster, it was indoors.  And then in 97, they moved it outdoors and they made it twice as long.  That is one of the strangest roller coaster journeys I have ever heard.  Yeah.  I believe  and Aaron, it only went on the outdoor version, but I think this was kind of a  tame roller coaster and I think that maybe the indoor part hid the tameness.  So I think because when there's a mystery  of what's happening and where you're going to go and maybe there will be a big scary  drop or something, but outside it cannot hide its lameness.  It says 35 miles an hour.  This is but probably that's top speed.  What is Space Mountain around?  Thirty five.  Yeah, Space Mountain's not that fast.  I mean, it's not a lot of wind, a lot of wind.  So but I don't know if it goes.  I don't know if we went thirty five for like a half second or something.  I don't know.  What sounds a little cool is that they kept it.  It was like you're going to space and then you come back and that's indicated by a  black light model of the strip.  So that sounds good.  That sounds like something notable and proprietary, but again, impossible to  document in a dark room.  It looks like 35 miles an hour is Space Mountain here.  So this is as fast as.  Yeah.  Then that doesn't feel like maybe if you put it out, if you put outside, would  Space Mountain be lame?  It wouldn't be lame, but I think we would be shocked at how much less fast it felt.  Maybe.  Yeah, because not that I still kind of feel fast and sometimes, but I still feel  like it, oh, it's a little feels out of control this time or whatever.  But I do think times when I'm less anxious on it, I'm like, this actually is  fooling me, I think it's going faster and faster.  A lot of cold air blowing at you and a lot of lighting effects.  Yeah.  And getting an air blowing at you, I think makes you think you're going fast.  Yeah, I think like, yeah, I don't know.  I'm not.  I didn't actually even think about that.  If you think they're blowing wind on you.  I think so. It always feels so chilly in there.  I don't know about that.  Like all of it, the whole track, certain parts.  I don't know that. I don't know.  I don't really know.  I don't want to look like a fool if I'm wrong.  I think I think I got to be a gambling man here in in Sin City Nights Month.  That doesn't feel right to me.  This could also be be  a magic trick that it's just dark and you're going a little fast.  Heavy duty air conditioner and there's certain pockets of cold air from just  the trajectory of that.  That's not the same as a cannon.  It's not making me feel like it's going faster.  I don't think there's a cannon of air.  No, I don't.  I think I think it's just like some AC really like turned up.  You're saying a cold environment, cold environment, zooming through it.  You can't see you're going a little fast in the dark.  Jason, back down a little bit.  I think you were positive cold air is being blasted at you to simulate  like fans, fans blasting cold air, but it's fans to make you feel like you're in  space, not fans because it's a hot room.  How about is Google? Are there fans on Space Mountain?  Well, they will.  We think we know that there's fans, but it's a question of are the fans placed?  No. What's the purpose of the fans?  Are the fans to cool or are the fans to simulate?  Certainly to cool.  But certainly the fans are there to cool.  I should hope. Certainly.  That's what most fans do.  I'm also just saying this is this is the story my mind is completing in the darkness.  Michael, raising my hand.  And here's the first thing that pops up when I write, are there fans on Space Mountain?  Something just a secret to many of many of the Space Mountain attractions actually  have fans blowing air on you throughout the ride track.  Oh, my God.  Oh, my God.  Oh, well, how about this?  This is why Mike stayed out.  This is why I stayed out because I didn't want to look like I didn't want to look  like a fool, quite frankly. Look at this king.  King Jason over here.  They got no one to roll them.  God, that's why you're so excited about the song.  What is the hang on? What is the site, though?  Hold on.  Wait, there's an inside the magic, too, that's discussing this as well.  We can always trust them.  Most trustworthy source.  What's the date?  Because all that.  It's  October 23rd, 2021.  Fuck.  It is post-reigling turn theme park center.  Do we have we ever been on theme park center?  I've been on Dink Park Center Center Center since 2009.  Writes the jokes.  Space Mountain tips and secrets.  Secret one is not only a space on the first indoor roller coaster.  It's also the first roller coaster to be controlled by computers.  Secret two says many of the Space Mountain  attractions actually have fans blowing air on you throughout the ride track.  This is to make you feel like you're going faster than you actually are.  Fuck.  I think the fact that anyone else is saying this does make it seem legitimate.  Well, wow.  There's a couple other places that look like they have  something similar to that piece of information.  Wow.  This is wow.  I mean, this is we're a little trick.  We're stunned here.  What do I do now?  I feel like how do you recover from this?  I don't know.  Can the listener ever trust me again?  Yeah, I just really I was also ground in.  I'll say this earlier.  I was trying to quickly figure out the answer to that question about the big hat.  And it looks like some of that might all just be rumors, too, and no one's quite sure.  So that was not easy as to confuse you.  I know this is conclusive as this is what I'm really saying is I'm like, oh, shit,  I'm going to be able to quickly answer my own question.  But that did not happen.  And this one seems like  the man's right.  I don't know.  Boy, I just stepped right in it.  He's putting his crown right.  Oh, he's putting a crown on right now.  And I got my big pocket watch with my face on it.  How he's floating you to make it feel faster.  So now I think you're also dealing with the fact that you've been kind of do you  thought Space Mountain maybe went faster?  I think so.  Yeah. And it was more of a scary.  So I'm mad at myself for stepping in it.  And I'm mad at the ride for being all tricks.  It's all tricks. Yeah, you know what?  This is like a lot of casinos don't have windows.  They don't have clocks on the walls and they are blowing air.  They're blowing air on you and those casinos, too.  They better be. Yeah.  And they got this weekend.  They do.  I think some of the ones that still have a lot of smoking areas have really complex  ventilation systems to sort of like they say no smoke out.  I'm not going to say you're wrong here because you're on a hot streak here.  But sometimes I go in one of those places where they allow smoking and I go,  it sounds like fucking smoke in here. Yeah.  Yeah. But I think that I think it could smell like worse.  I see. That wasn't well.  I look if you're saying it, I believe it today.  Tonight, Jason's up when he's up, he's up.  Jason's up.  Yeah. Starting this week on a hot streak.  Hats off to you.  Crowns off to you.  I get. Wow. That's an interesting one.  Something we would have known maybe if we ever did it.  Space Mountain.  But we got this to get through first.  I think we're I mean, we're heading to the exit here.  I mean, so  this place, it seems like it opens to like there's some interest.  But the really damning thing is that they're like, we're going to keep  we're going to make sure only 10,000 people come in every day.  Right. Just to make sure it's comfortable.  And those lines don't get too long.  So, you know, we're just going to cap it.  We're going to have it.  Sir, the tenants figures are in.  It's nowhere close to that.  Well, good. Good. That's what I said.  I wanted to be I wanted to be small.  So great. My plan with and we will cap it at 10,000 as this place gets more  and more popular. That did not happen.  It kind of was just floating along, doing OK.  And then but they just they wanted to do other stuff.  I think they were trying gimmicks of like, we'll do it'll be  scream park for Halloween.  I mean, people like that from what I saw.  Yeah. And I'm not saying it's good.  I feel like some people had fond memories of it.  And there's a commercial with like it says Jack is back.  Now, it was Jack. I that's my question to you guys.  Did you come across who Jack is?  I'm not saying I know the answer.  Sunglass, sunglasses.  I don't think it's sunglass Jack, though.  I think it's a different Jack from 1997.  But like the the night of the Jack is the thing we saw a couple of years ago.  We drove through like Jack is sort of a like name for Halloween characters.  Got pumpkin had a character.  Yes. He screamed Park three Jacks back right there.  Mm hmm. So I'm not sure.  Yeah. Means nothing to me if I don't know what Jack's capable of to begin with.  And it's probably they did not make the leap of like, OK, Jack Pumpkinhead is in  the later Wizard of Oz books and I think Return to Oz.  Yeah.  Does he show? But it's not in the movie Return to Oz.  Yeah.  Pumpkinhead. Yeah. Yeah.  He is not in MGM Grand Adventures or in the hotel.  Right. Because MGM is more of the original movie.  Yeah. Or the second movie.  That's actually the second Wizard of Oz.  There was another Wizard of Oz. Am I wrong?  There was like a different Wizard of Oz movie made before the Judy Garland one.  I don't know the answer to that.  I don't know if I ever know.  I'm scared now. I'm scared to be wrong.  Right. Maybe I'm thinking of a different movie.  Let me tell you something.  If you put yourself out there and you get something wrong, it's humiliating.  I don't want to be wrong.  I'm stewing over here.  Don't risk it, Mike.  I know I'm right.  1910, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.  Oh, nice. Nice. Nice.  I got to see this.  The feeling of being right about a movie from 1910.  Oh, man. 100 year old movie.  It was a silent film.  Yeah. Oh, that was probably a horrifying Wizard of Oz.  Yeah. However, they're rendering those creatures then.  There one one other thing about the  park, there was a giant  theater, Altawer Theater with a pirate ship and a lagoon.  Oh, yeah.  Yeah.  And it had a pirate stunt show.  The MGM Grand opens December 1993.  The Treasure Island Casino up Las Vegas Boulevard opens October 1993.  So there is a point where you could see two competing pirate shows on the strap.  Wow. Right.  But one is free.  One isn't locked up behind a gate.  Extremely free.  And then you can also turn to the side and see a volcano.  You know, it's  the pirate thing kind of looked again like fun in some ways.  There was obviously like standard stunt  stuff in there that we it's in every stunt show.  But sure, it looked fine.  You know what I saw?  I seem to have seen it.  It was in a photo album.  OK, I have not very many memory.  This is the theme of a lot of people who went to the place.  Yeah. It just seemed like this place lacked a personality.  Yeah, a little bit.  I think just kind of like it is a theme park.  It has some of the things that theme parks have.  But maybe there's not a lot of like, but what's the character?  What's the feel that only we have?  Right. Not literal character, but character personality.  And yeah, no, they're they got tumbleweed.  They have to wait, but they missed the point.  They were real true characters.  Yeah.  So then it's 96 and they decide some things that they want are a convention  center and a much bigger pool area.  So it's chopped by 40 percent.  And the 40 percent that is closest to the entrance is all the best.  All the ones that we said, maybe this was OK.  Not the Rapids, right?  That's in the back.  So that's safe.  Long film safe.  But Backlot River Tour, which is the closest thing it has to like, what is it?  It's kind of a movie adventure park gone out deep earth exploration.  The one that's a little bit ahead of its time out gone coaster indoor coaster.  Pretty OK.  Got to move it. It's going outside.  So it just so happened that the front of the park has all the best stuff and well,  shit. OK, so now we're down to lesser, more generic rides.  They put in one of those the Skyscreamer  sky coaster episode we did with Hanford twice and only one came out.  We know about sky coasters  ended up is the one at Fun Spot America.  Yeah, that was it.  Orlando. OK, wow.  Some other stuff that closed during the reduction, that Manhattan Theatre.  And then this is a funny note on the Wikipedia.  Although unaffected by the layout change, the haunted mine was also closed.  So another ride just gone for no reason, no reason.  They didn't even need to.  Seems like it's for the best.  That's really funny.  And then so then it's just it's like an increasingly miniature theme park.  Just like sliced and sliced until there is not much left.  I, you know, probably good moves.  That pool area is fantastic.  The player is sprawling.  It's so huge.  And that was always the guessing game.  I was like, well, what was this park?  I couldn't figure it. So it's just everything.  It's all the periphery.  It's what's now Pool Convention Center, those signature suites,  the switcher three big towers and Topgolf, which requires a lot of spit, you know,  to any driving range, much less a giant one.  All that. So the MGM fun zone,  all the stuff that isn't casino and hotel rooms was all a theme park.  Now it's a bunch of other stuff and more  hotel rooms, and it seems more like what they they need.  They also changed the name of the most generic thing you've ever heard.  It was then the Park MGM Grand for a while.  That just sounds like you don't want to be doing.  No, at all.  Do you give it that name?  You seem embarrassed by it.  It's like something could be called the Park at MGM Grand now when it could be  one of those food things you mentioned.  Oh, food hall. Yeah.  That could be a hotel.  It means nothing. Hotel called Park MGM.  Yeah.  No, those are just generic words.  World around.  I saw I was reading it, saw videos.  People are like, OK, I'm going to try to find remnants of MGM Grand Adventures.  The remnants were the lazy river at the pools called the Backlot River.  Unsure if that's current.  And then there is a sign in the parking  garage with an arrow and it says like Convention Center Pool Grand Adventures.  So it still says that.  Yeah, I know.  Sign from the last few years.  This video actually haven't been to them.  Is there a lazy river at the MGM Grand Pool at the pool?  Yeah.  Give it a. Yeah.  Maybe I switch. You know where you stand.  Oh, yeah. You have to switch.  I do know it's a very good point.  And it's also the home of Wet Republic,  which I would have to imagine is one of the douchiest pool party.  You're not.  Yes.  Party.  I want to go to. Yeah.  What Republic? Of course.  Over there.  Maybe I got to switch.  So this is.  So it's a plus up to you because now there's more.  There's no no theme park.  It's a minus for you.  But now. But plus.  Douchy Vegas.  But you see my you see that I like both things.  I'm excited about a lazy river, but I'm also excited about a group of the world's  worst people getting together in one place in the pool to listen to loud music and drink.  Yeah.  Listen to loud music.  You don't know where you don't.  Except none of my favorite songs except at the rehab pool party when I was  there at Hard Rock and they played the start of Circle of Life and the crowd lost  their minds. It was so exciting.  People were like, it was all of a sudden the whole that came on.  Everyone just went nuts.  And I was like, this is good.  Wow. I'm enjoying this.  This is great.  So, yeah, so once in a while you'll hear a Disney song.  I've already been wrong once in this episode, so I don't want to be done for  but I'm going to challenge you on the point.  This is good.  It is good.  And now I know about that cold air, but I know what's good and what's not good.  I don't know how it wasn't even a remix.  They wasn't even they weren't even putting like a beat under it.  It was just literally the opening of it, which I don't know.  Do you like that?  I guess I don't even say you like the start of Circle of Life.  Yeah, fine.  Jason, you like the story of it?  Well, because you said you just said this is a classic American.  I was debating it like I was in a courtroom, like I would at least agree.  You can you not agree that the Circle of Life is good?  I think I can intellectually prove that.  Whoa, whoa.  Way down a waiter or waitress and get a complimentary drink.  You're both a little worked up.  Hey, slow down. You're not in Vegas yet.  Yeah,  we're not in Las Vegas yet.  Yeah, here's my question.  Winding it down.  Yeah.  You know, we don't we aren't very good about doing the old,  you know, burn it down for insurance money scale.  But I think for these Vegas ones,  I think we could do a Vegas specific analysis of was the right decision made  here, and I think we could play by blackjack rules.  So that is and this is it will do it in past tense, which will confuse it.  But what should the we know what they did,  but what should the MGM Grand have done with MGM Grand Adventures hit?  Stand double down or cash out.  They certainly cashed out.  They cashed out 40 percent of their chips and then then slowly all the rest.  But it's kind of an interesting actually to, you know,  hit implies put a little more muscle into it.  Just take it a little further.  Stand implies don't change it whatsoever.  Double down is way more, way harder.  I guess individually,  what is the face card you think?  What does everyone think the face card you're seeing of this part is?  It's a it's the face of Kurt Korkorian.  I don't want to have a theme park anymore.  You see,  like this took it doesn't go that far because it's 15.  Your car is a blackjack or is it five car stud?  We're playing here or is it Holden?  Which game are we playing?  That's also important to know before I decide to like Auntie.  What if I see my bet or if I?  OK, let me say this.  I think they were right to fold at the time.  Now, if there was a different timeline  and this is maybe kind of an OK park in 2011, 2005 or something,  and then they last for 10 years, I think because of the growing up  theme park adult audience, I think a doubling down later might have made  more sense, but it would have taken another 20 years to get there.  Yeah.  For to see it like an audience there that would want it.  So I think they were correct to to to fold them.  And I think that's a big thing in Vegas.  A thing that might keep coming up with, you know, a lot of parks you need to you  need to hold before you double that you either need to double down or you need  to stand because you need to let people get used to it.  And yeah, building that audience.  But I think in Vegas, a town that just prints money every minute  with gambling, you know, I don't think they were willing to commit  to like keeping this around.  Should the scale really be knowing when to hold them, knowing when to fold?  Is that what we're discovering?  OK, that's a good idea.  But I'd also like to introduce the concept of maybe they should have bluffed,  which is a totally different concept, and they should have just kept it at the same.  They said we're going to do more, but then didn't.  And it's still open, but in a shitty way now.  I'm I'm confused about how you would bluff in terms of owning and operating a theme  park. OK, maybe that doesn't was not one to one.  But in the in the fun poker way, I think it kind of makes sense.  Well, if we're adding, if we're breaking the rules and adding more that we're not  on my list, then I think they should have flipped over the table.  OK, sending all the cards and chips flying everywhere.  That's good. And then run away.  That's kind of what they did.  They can. Yes, they did.  That is what they did. Yeah.  And then somebody had to clean up their mess.  Yeah, I don't know.  I think they should have.  I think it's you doubled.  I think you quintuple down and just way, way more Garner Holt.  Yeah. Animatronics do scary King Louie's Louie, Louie Junior's animatronics bursting  out of every and of course an animatronic Kenny Rogers.  Oh, my God, that would have been the greatest.  Just don't mind me roasting in here.  He pops out of the window every once in a while.  Do kids go like do people bring kids to Vegas in this day and age?  I don't hear in there a little bit, but like not a lot.  And then I bet a little and probably there's stuff you can do.  Yeah, it's probably more like you're vaguely local.  But do you really take like a big trip?  But even my my trip was like a couple of nights on the way to, you know,  elsewhere in the southwest. Right.  So maybe it's that I think there's stuff to do if you're going elsewhere.  But I don't know if you do like a lot of them still have pretty big arcades.  You know, a lot of the outskirts, casinos,  I think a lot of good arcades.  Yeah.  Catering to the local crowds have the like all inclusive casino resorts with like  an IMAX screen and a regal theater and a bowling alley and an arcade and like.  So that's all plenty.  So somewhat somewhat.  So if we see a kid, we shouldn't call the police.  OK, yes, we don't need to be worried.  Got it noted.  Unless it's like an Oliver twist.  Part of that yourself pocket.  Yeah. Then call the police and get your phone out because otherwise,  if you aren't holding it, he's going to take it.  But if they're charismatic enough, I might join their little gang  because they'll consider consider myself one of them.  So yeah, yeah, yeah.  They need a tall guy.  Everyone is on to their trick of two or three of them in a big trench.  I can't believe you're over 30.  I thought you were  20, young, young.  Look at your joints.  They're working well.  Your hair, it's brown.  Your enthusiasm about circular life at a pool party convinces me you're the most  youthful youthful boy there is.  I thought you were Billy.  I was his other brother.  I thought it was Billy and Phineas.  And you  meanwhile, my pockets have been thoroughly picked  on your weakness being complimented on your youth by children.  Oh, that's kind of you to say you finally fully sliced your Achilles  your weak spot.  Why'd you have to do that?  You stole from me already.  You're not going to catch us, big boy.  You look like you're 55 in reality.  Oh, fuck you.  Oliver Twist, the deepest cut of all.  All right. Well, watch out for pickpockets.  We got to, you know, we got to get on our game here because we're on the way.  But we've we've at least kicked off the trip here with this.  You survived podcast the right Sin City nights.  And I'm so happy we're in it.  Yeah, lots of fun stuff to talk about here.  What do you got?  I just have you can get one of the pieces of merch, which was the King Louis plush.  Wow.  And this is on eBay for 10 bucks.  It looks like a large head to the large head, tiny body.  And I just not see it good enough.  I think he looks I mean, he's got certainly a big head,  but I don't know that it looks like.  Let's bet on how big it is.  Maybe I can maybe I can get one right.  OK, the end here, we can even up that important rule of gambling.  You stick around long enough, you can win it back.  That's somewhere in Kenny Rogers lyrics, isn't it?  Right.  Hey, keep up with PTR Sin City Nights on socials at podcast the ride.  We've got a  yes, what I just got popped up ad for some bootlegged  Dr. Evil and mini me figures pop up and well, like, you know,  there's a thing a night of you should see that wasn't a pop up ad.  Mike, you should see this.  Well, I do want to see it.  Yeah, I hear you talking about being concerned that you're not youthful enough.  Well, a couple of Dr.  Evil and mini me action figures fix that two grand for these.  What  for Professor Sinister and Little Guy by hundreds and hundreds of  Louis the Lions for that.  That's true. Yeah.  OK, we've got a month's worth of Sin City  episodes here on the mainstream bonus episodes on podcast the ride.  The Fremont Gate at patreon.com slash podcast the ride.  The next episode of the series will be on the high roller tier Club Three.  And that, as as mentioned, is selected by the Club Three audience.  A little more MGM grand, the 1990s Wizard of Oz, theming and walkthrough  at the MGM Grand and maybe some other peripheral MGM grand stuff.  So join Club Three if you want to hear that.  But otherwise, I think we're wrapping it up.  So I guess I'll say cut.  No, not that kind of.  This has been a forever dog production,  executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,  Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.  For more original podcasts, please visit foreverdogpodcasts.com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your  podcasts. Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and  Instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.