 Forever.  Dog.  Vroom, vroom, the following podcast contains tight fitting helmets, a tournament of teens,  high school lies, and aggro carboys reminiscing about burning rubber.  All this plus Ronnie Adrian joins us to talk K1 speed indoor go-kart racing on today's podcast,  The Ride.  Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a theme park podcast hosted by three men who are only comfortable  driving if the vehicle has a human face.  My name is Michael Carlson.  Joining me as always, Jason Sheridan.  Did your vehicles have a human face?  No, I'm saying-  Stomach?  No, that's why we weren't comfortable.  We were curious about the whole thing.  Right, yeah.  Scott Garner's here and he wasn't comfortable either.  No, of course.  I needed to have a name.  Maybe I need to have seen that car up to some hijinks.  I need to have heard a catchphrase the car has said, like, ka-chow.  Or else I'm like, I don't know if I can trust this car.  Yeah, I know.  I feel the exact same way.  We are talking about today go-karts, essentially.  A specific one, but also in general, I think.  I think this is a great place to put all of the go-kart thoughts we've all had our whole  lives.  I don't know, we could get a lot of different go-kart episodes because there are different  companies, you know?  Sure.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Well, let's not get into specifics about boomers, about the chain boomers and their go-karts  because I'm not qualified.  I've never done a boomer's go-kart.  But we've done K1 now, I'll tell you that.  It could be way different, but let's bring our guest in.  He's an actor, he's an improviser, he's a musician, he's a writer.  He's a lot of things.  He's Ronnie Adrian.  Hello!  Hey!  Whoa.  I like to give a little space for people to clap.  I love that one.  Or be surprised.  People will be surprised.  They're listening, they're like, I don't want to know who the guest is.  I'm going to be surprised when they tell me.  And then they hear my name and if they've ever heard of me, they go, whoa, him, yes,  I like him.  And I'm assuming that they like me.  They've heard of me and they like me.  And that was short, though.  I think they would give you a longer applause.  I guess it's more for the people who clasp their hands on their face, a home alone style,  like, oh!  Oh, it's a gasp space.  Oh, they're shocked.  Oh, okay.  It's more like a shock.  They got him?  That's what it is.  That's smart because they do that in the editing of a Marvel movie, like Captain America,  he gets Thor's hammer and they leave a pause in for the theater to applaud.  So that's basically the same thing.  And we should tell every guest now going forward to do that, to leave in the hammer  applause.  Oh, sure.  Yeah, the hammer applause, of course.  We assume that there's listeners who get together for midnight screen.  When these episodes drop.  They do drop at midnight.  They do drop at midnight.  We put them out at midnight.  So we assume that there's a contingent of listeners out there who all gather, rent a  theater at their own expense so they can experience each episode.  Every week.  Midnight on the West Coast.  On the East Coast, it's 3 a.m.  Yeah, so they all got to do the 3 a.m. screenings.  They hit up a diner.  Not even the cultiest cult movie does a 3 a.m. screening, but this podcast, we know they're  doing it.  Yeah.  And if Jason, like, yeah, these are people that dress up as the different meats that  Jason talks about from the East Coast.  Oh, OK.  Well, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.  The hard cores.  I mean, and hopefully everybody is as intuitive as everybody else.  You hate going to those movie theaters and you're sitting there and you're like, you're  the first one to start to clap and immediately realize that no one else is on board.  They're like, we're all just regular watches.  You're like a super fan.  You're you've missed the super fan screening.  Yeah. So it's like, oh, yeah.  And this is like that slow, that that quick Peter out.  That's like, ah, you tried.  Yeah. You know what I've thought about that a lot with is the because we are we are now  firmly in the world where nobody freaks out at the Nicole Kidman AMC intro.  There was a time where you went and then it got this whoop.  It were like you were giving it all this energy.  And then I missed the transition at some.  But now you go and it gets nothing.  Everybody agreed. We had our fun with that.  We don't do it anymore. It's just there.  And I kind of wish I'd seen something in the middle where somebody, like you said,  was left flailing.  They did the craziest, fakest scream and then her left and everybody's just glaring.  Well, I want to actually honestly, I think some people are still trying to keep it alive.  I got to maybe I've been in the wrong screen.  I have AMC pass, so I go to the movies pretty frequently.  And there's still some where I'm like, oh, you're it depends on the thing.  But I would just had a movie the other day and it was like the movie Pass Lives.  And so it's like one of those sort of like more independent sort of just like, here's  a story. Here's a nice story we're telling with, you know, that unfold and sort of thing.  And that crowd was not the crowd that cheers for the Nicole Kidman.  It was very silent when she came onto the screen.  But I've been to one maybe like even just as much as two weeks ago where somebody was  like, whoo. And then everyone's just like, yeah, we'll give it to you.  And this was like, it's usually over.  They're usually overzealous.  Like you could tell, like, oh, yeah, like you're the like you're you're probably not  funny in real life.  Yeah, you're like but you're like the fun friend, you know, like you're applying your  foot. Like I'm extracting my like comedic value from this thing.  Right. I know this this thing's funny and I know it's funny.  So I'm funny. Right.  Yeah. It gives it gives them a chance, though, to be funny, maybe.  So I think it's a positive thing.  Right. I mean, it gives them a chance to sort of be like the life of the theater for.  Yes. You know, like, oh, yeah, sure.  I would I would never do that.  But yeah, I guess I'm not bothered that you're doing it.  I can't do it. But like the funniest thing I've ever seen in the family of this is  at a wrestling show, past guest Nick Mundy tried to start an ironic USA chant at a  wrestling show and he got booed so fast by the entire audience.  It was like USA twice and there's boo everyone booing him.  And I was like, that is not what he was looking for.  Well, this is I've been in places where he's done similar things and it worked.  But this but that is pre 2016.  I don't know what year we're talking around 2016.  The USA chant became a very undesirable.  I think the irony was clear maybe in 2014.  And now it's like somebody's chanting USA.  They might kill us.  We got to get this guy out of here, maybe out of the state.  It's a good question. I'll have to.  I can't remember. I feel it was around the same.  It was around this time, maybe before, though.  I'll ask him, although he probably has erased it from his mind.  What are you talking about?  That didn't happen. Never the boot ever.  No. Crazy.  I chanted. Everything's good.  I chanted a different chant.  So, Ronnie, you're on the podcast.  We could talk real briefly about this because you sent me an email a couple of months ago  and you were wishing me a happy birthday.  And I immediately said, oh, man, I like Ronnie so much I haven't seen him.  I'm going to do what every adult does to hang out.  I said, you should got it. You got to come on the podcast.  And I immediately after like 10 emails back and forth to try to figure out a topic,  I felt really bad about it.  It was a lot of back and forth, a lot of back and forth for sure.  And it was like, oh, you got to come on the podcast.  I was like, OK, great. And then it's like, well, what do you here?  Like, what have you done?  Or like, what are these things that you could do that could be on the podcast?  I gave him all the parameters, you know, you guys know the parameter.  We've done this dance before. We've lost people.  I know people stop responding.  I'm happy Ronnie's here.  Yes, it took forever. I know.  And then I was like, I don't want to like keep sending emails immediately back.  Like, no, not this isn't right.  I was like, all this stuff you're talking about, we can talk about.  We're just trying to find a thing that's like a theme thing.  And you were like, what about the tram tour?  And I was like, well, we're going to do a tram tour thing.  So all you listeners know, they curate for you all so,  so well, because there was a real thin line dance that I was going through  with Mike for a while about, well, they kind of like this.  Oh, we know they're not our fans are really not.  So just know that you're at top of mind  a lot of the times when they're  curating these show topics for you.  Oh, man.  And then you got other shows that are like, hey, come on and do whatever you want.  No, no parameters.  Sorry. So bad.  It's rules and parameters. The show is where you sit.  Oh, I was going to say, look, we're all we're all just trying to put out  a good podcast and also slowly drive ourselves and say, you know,  and the people we know drive ourselves mad with rules  that we have solely imposed on our that we're doing this to ourselves.  And mind you, I want to let it I wasn't frustrated by it or anything,  but it is it is funny to sort of be like, all right, well,  I'm going to do what you're asking me to the best of what I think you're asking me.  So this thing and it's still like, no, it's like it's like  it's like being in math class and the answer is four and you go for  and they go show your work and you're like, well, this thing and it's like,  that's not the work.  And it's like, what are you talking about?  But the answer is four.  It's like not for our audience is not for it's four,  but it's not the four that you're doing when we're the fact that we like.  I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.  Yeah, the fact that we end up often at like,  oh, yeah, come on our show. You can talk about whatever you want.  It would help if you went to Disney World in 1993  and saw this one specific animatronic show that was open for three months  and was not liked.  People didn't know about it.  And actually, it wasn't even publicized.  If you were even at Disney World, you might have missed it entirely.  So anyway, are there any of those that you would like to talk about?  And really any of them?  There's a completely open end.  Yeah. I mean, your pitch should be  have you been to a theme park and also the niche,  the niche theme park or the niche ride, the better.  Oh, yeah. What about this thing?  It's like, ah, rather, we've kind of already done it.  Oh, we're thinking about doing that, but in a bigger way.  So give us something else.  And you're like, well, OK, I guess one time  I went to this place when I was young and they had you riding slugs.  And you're like, riding slugs.  I don't know if that fits the parameters of what we do.  What do you want? What do you want?  I love this. If you if we skipped out on a slug ride,  there was no slug ride.  There was no there was no slug ride.  I'm not crazy. I would have.  It leaves it leaves like a trail of slime behind you.  And then they let you great idea.  You can take a vial of the slime home.  And then I showed it to her.  That was my show and tell when I got back to school.  Yeah, this is real slugs.  That's a great idea.  Well, I'm sorry we made you do taxes.  Yeah, it's true.  It is true. It's truly OK.  That's I mean, this has been a long journey, everybody.  You should know that there's been lots of noncommunication in between.  So Mike said too much, but I feel like it was at least three or four.  It's been a while. It's been a while.  I'm glad it happened because Scott said there's been people who just stop  responding to us.  Oh, yeah. Thank you for eventually.  Yeah. We're picking it back up eventually.  And here I am.  And now here I am on one of the best podcasts about theme rides or whatever.  Whatever this is, whatever it is we're doing.  We don't even know anymore.  You hit on a great topic.  This is a great topic.  I was like, do you have any thoughts, though, on the tram tour  you wanted to get out?  Because we could talk tram real quick or not even quick.  I mean, the only I have nothing interesting to add about it.  Sure. As just I was on the ride because it was like  we were gifted.  I was in a room and we were gifted the the show running one to go like  for our last sort of excursion together as like a group.  Let's do the tour.  And so we did the tour.  You were like this.  It was when you were working on the lot, like you're saying, record.  Yeah. So we were working on the universal lot.  So it was like, well, let's do the thing.  And then to his credit, they didn't give us just because we were on the lot.  They didn't kind of go, well, because you're like employees on our lot.  Of course you can get the ride for free.  They were still like, no, you have to pay.  So like so the show runner was very nice enough to pay for everybody,  which I couldn't have been cheap.  And so we rode on the ride.  And I just remember being.  I remember everything feeling so much smaller than what it was in movies,  because it would be like, well, this is where they did the jaws thing.  And I was like this.  It was like the size of this backyard, maybe even smaller.  You know, like this is the lake that Jaws was in.  You're like, what?  And there's like and this is where they shot this particular scene.  And you're like, this is like it really showed you how the magic of movies.  Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  Like there was but some stuff didn't make me go.  They have the part where it's like this is the this is the iconic  scene area for like one of those movies of like a war of the world.  And I remember it because I then went home later and watched it  just to be like, I saw that in real life.  I saw this thing that looked like this and I saw it like that,  because, you know, it doesn't it's not cinematic when you actually see it in person.  You're like, yeah, this just looks kind of like in the movies.  It's like, oh, my God, it looks.  Oh, my gosh.  So that was my thought.  My thought was that people who make movies are.  They they they work, they do wonders.  You're so is Hollywood.  Yeah, Hollywood is mad.  Yeah, it worked on you.  Yeah, it worked on me.  So obviously you made a good choice of being like, no, we're going to do that.  Maybe I said that you just were I wanted to make a point  about how the magic of the movies were good.  Yeah. So if everybody's listening, who was getting disheartened with movies,  just know that the magic still exists.  Yeah. Well, that's good.  Yeah. And you see, you feel the magic when you go to the places  where the movies were made and are underwhelmed.  And you really feel like, wow,  I guess movies are good.  This is all. Yeah, this is awful.  It truly is being like, here is this set that has also been used in.  And then they give off like 50 things and you're like, oh, yeah.  Like, of course, that's how that works.  They have a property and they kind of go, yeah, let's just redress this property  and use it in like 50 things.  And you're like, but they're all like, think.  But like of those 50, 25 are being like, I've seen 25, all 25 of those things.  And I never thought that this was the same place that was in this thing.  Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.  You start to the more you like, because I did that.  I was on the train. I did the tram.  It was a guide, a guide on the tram tour.  And then I worked at the Warner Brothers lot and would take big walks  where I end up on that like Gilmore Girls Town Square.  And certain what I think it's just just if you spent time at these places,  you start to see through the met, you suddenly are like this.  What's it called? Stars Hollow?  Is that correct? Yeah.  Suddenly you're just everything you're what it's Stars Hollow again.  I've seen Stars Hollow in every movie I've seen this year.  You just suddenly start like that.  That's that one movie theater on the Universal.  A lot. Yeah, I know, because the street bends this way.  But but a regular person is not doing that.  What it's it's ruined movies for me. Yeah.  Now I can't just watch something and relax.  I'm like, I know what this is.  You purpose this thing.  Well, surprise, everybody.  This has turned into an argument podcast where me and Scott go back  and forth about the magic of movie.  I think there's still magic.  Somehow heartbreak feels good in a place like this.  Whoo. Yeah.  I'm still cheering for it.  Yeah. OK. Yeah.  OK. Well, let's go.  OK, then let's go on to the real topic here today.  The big themed experience.  K one speed go kart track  that are many.  There are many locations across the world, 63 locations across the country.  The country. Can you believe it, Ronnie?  Can you say when you were thinking when you were laboring over this,  when you thought, OK, I forget what I said specifically of like,  is there any like experience type thing you had?  And you were like, I guess I went on a go kart once. Right.  Yeah, that was what it was.  I went I had went on it this year solely because  I. Me and my girlfriend, we had.  We had went there because she was like, oh, let's go to this thing one time  because it was right by our house.  You know, she wanted to do something outside the house.  And I was I'm always like, we could just stay home.  He's like, let's do something outside the house.  And so, so we went to this place  and immediately you go in and we're going to we're going to do the go kart  or whatever. And so we're kind of like in the lay of the land.  So we go into the game room area.  And I don't know if all 63 locations are like this.  Maybe other ones are like, we're we're like we have like a total barcade.  And this one does not.  It's essentially like there's a pool table in there.  That's like maybe one or two pool tables, maybe like a ice hockey table or something  to video games.  And then like maybe like it's like not basketball.  You get some basketball.  There's not much going on in the game room.  You know, it's funny, Scott and I went actually literally yesterday to do this.  And I had no expectations.  So I was very impressed by the arcade.  I was like, wow, look at this.  Look, we've got a magic thing all over.  Yeah, we're having the same discussion.  Sees it differently.  I we walked out. I was like, look at this place.  I thought they just have one thing, but look at this.  We could and this is five minutes away.  Yeah. Wow.  So, you know, I mean, don't get me wrong.  We had fun still in the thing.  And then we didn't get a chance to even ride the go-karts  because it was a weekend and it was like really sort of a lot of people.  It's like a lot of people coming in.  We were like, yeah. And then we were like,  they were making they were basically saying,  you have to wait like an hour or something if you want to get on the rain.  We were like, oh, you know, and I was like, I don't.  On top of the fact that I didn't really want to be here in the first place,  like I don't really want to wait an hour.  And she also agreed.  And so we left.  But then for my birthday, they just because we have to sign up still.  Yeah. To even be so you have to sign up to even be able to get on the ride.  Basically. So we signed up.  And so when my birthday was in March, they were just like,  they emailed me like, hey, you get a free ride because your birthday.  And so I went, OK.  And I just went one day and you know, yeah, I went alone.  OK. It just one day.  And then I was like, I'm just going to go use this ride real quick  before I had something else to do.  And then so I did that.  And then you were like, and then as fate would have it,  then I harassed you.  You came calling and I was like, well, I did this thing and  just did a go cart.  Yeah, perfect.  So did you let's just like your initial response,  like reaction to it was like, I love the good.  Do you like it? Was it fun?  Would you do it again? I mean,  I would I would do it again.  But if I'm paying for it, I would do it again,  probably with other people that like we're all racing, like doing it alone is fine,  especially when it's free.  But I'm not the person that just goes to the park and buy them something.  Be like, let me just race a bunch of strangers.  You know what I mean?  But yeah, no, I this was our concern going into it was like,  I how can we do this to avoid stranger?  Because I think what we did not want is teenagers.  Like we are now there are a bunch of strange teenagers trying to bump us.  Yeah, the I was worried about teens, basically.  Teens were my biggest concern.  Well, what were you think they were going to do?  Make fun of me.  Hmm. Yeah.  Race faster than us.  Bump us. Try to hurt us.  Get it. Taunt us on the way in.  In the form of the language we use that's outdated.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yeah, say that the things that were the phrases that seem new to us  have actually been said for 20 years.  Yeah. And is this before you actually get on, get into the car  or this while you're driving?  This is the night before I'm worried that all this stuff is going to happen.  What I'm saying is, when you're worrying that this is they're going to do this stuff  to you beforehand.  Yeah, when are they going to bother you in this scenario?  Probably beforehand.  But if we're on the track, they're going to do the sort of aggressive stuff  while we're racing. That's my concern.  And I think they will stop us, T-bonus,  maybe create a little cul-de-sac with their cars.  So the race is stopped so that they can point at us and call out specific flaws,  then keep going.  Yeah.  And also, you guys, I see some gray hairs there.  OK. And then they keep trying.  I think they're going to take every opportunity.  Yeah, I really didn't know what to expect.  I was wondering, because we went right at opening and I was like,  is it going to be empty in here or is it going to be like groups of teens,  like teen race groups are all kind of hanging out, ready to go,  or they dress sort of like the Warriors?  Teen racing. Teen race groups.  Burbank teen race groups are all waiting to race.  And then there's these two older men who come in who are novices  and they don't know the ropes of this.  Don't you know noon is our time?  Noon is teen race group time.  I feel like that's something to maybe consider if  the rides are like ten dollars a go-kart ride,  then maybe you get some street toughs in there that's like,  we're here to cause trouble and ride fast.  But when the ride is like forty five dollars for one ride or something.  It's oddly a single ride. Yes, it was pricey.  But you can get an annual pass to this place.  So maybe if the teens are thinking smart economically, they can just get.  They'll get an annual pass and they have nothing but time.  So they can wait 90 minutes to two hours to do a single go-kart race.  And they can hassle a couple of dads while they're waiting.  Well, let's describe for the listener what the Burbank, what it's like.  Because again, I was I was kind of I didn't know what it was going to be.  It's kind of a big warehouse in the middle by the old.  It's by the Aldi and Burbank.  It's by the Burger King from Back to the Future.  If that helps you on victory.  I would imagine that's some that's some how I imagine.  Oh, yeah. I had no clue.  Oh, yeah. Watch back future.  And Marty comes out, he skateboards right in front of that Burger King.  Oh, I got it. OK. All right.  I didn't know. So recreate the shot with your phone.  So you go and it's like a big warehouse and there's a big, you know, go-kart track.  And it's a lot like more like updated.  There's parts of it that look almost like a gastropub or something,  like with the lights and like the there's counters.  And you're talking about the paddock lounge.  I am talking about the paddock lounge. Right.  The place where you can eat. It's a full service restaurant.  Yeah, it is. Yes.  And this, by the way, this is not the first owner of the go-kart track.  Of the whole thing or of the whole thing.  Was that location a different go-kart?  Yes, it was.  It was called Racers Edge.  And I learned this because I went yesterday as well after we recorded.  I just walked around because I was like, wait, you went and didn't race.  No, I didn't race at all.  And I went.  Wow. New episode title, Jason's Walk Through.  I walked through.  Did you walk the track? Go-kart place.  You walk the track.  I just walked.  I kind of walked in and walked around.  And my memory, it was a lot more low key at race when it was Racers Edge.  That seems crazy because that name is so edgy.  It is. Yes.  And I was like, oh, I'll just go in,  play a couple of dollars on the Iron Maiden pinball machine.  I remember.  And then I'll leave.  And that was not an option.  There is no pinball anymore.  There is a kind of weirdly spaced out game room where you have to get a game card.  This is a thing at our kids now.  Tickets. Yeah, because you can get like tickets and redeem them from prizes.  Wait, guys, speaking of old man, it's been game cards for like a decade plus.  What are you? Right.  No, you're right.  Thing now where there's a card that you this has been the case.  I know, but it's so long.  It's so. Excuse me.  I would much rather just use tokens.  How do we? I got some.  I like the feel. It's tactile.  You know, I want to put my money in a machine.  Then they give me a different money back that I get to use only in these machines.  I want currency that does nothing for me.  Orders, tokens.  The teens, the teens now are using the tokens to throw at older men. Yeah.  This is what I'm afraid about that they hear over here like, oh, it's game cards  these days. Yeah.  What has happened to the go card industry?  Two teams now.  Now the teens, they they somehow hear that from the go card track.  Get the cards to do a launch into the arcade.  Let's crash into him here.  I'll make my car a ramp.  You drive over me.  But for the purpose of this, the only the thing that I will say about  game cards specifically in this instance is to make somebody get a game card  for a room that has not even 10 games.  Yeah, it seems a little bit.  A little bit. That is true.  Yes. They're counting on you buying it and not using all the money you spend.  Like, that's the thing with game cards.  It's like, oh, we'll get a little more money out of them and they'll they'll not use  they'll lose the card. The fools.  They'll lose the card, probably for sure. Yeah.  I would like to go back to you knew this pinball machine when it was racers edge.  Were you a frequenter of racer racers?  No, I went with like an old sketch group of mine.  I think Avery Monson was with us and and it wasn't K1 back then.  It wasn't K1. It opened five years ago.  Something like that. Yeah.  It opened in like 2011 as racers edge.  And then I found the racers at Facebook page.  And the last entry said March 18th, 2020.  For the safety of our guests and our employees, we are closing due to the COVID-19  pandemic. Oh, and then racers edge never reopened.  Did you race at racers edge?  I did race a few times. Oh, you did.  So you got in the car then? Yeah, I got in the car then.  So you were just respecting the legacy of racers edge by not respecting  the legacy of racing at K1.  I don't trust this new brand.  Yeah. I don't know. Are they edgy or not?  The the other thing that stuck out, the original play was that  racers edge was trying to crowd fund a laser tag arena.  Oh, that'd be awesome. Yeah.  To pay money to know that I helped fund this.  What do you get? What are the rewards for crowdfunding a laser tag arena?  Free go kart races and a few like free laser tag.  I thought you were going to just say, I think free go kart racing can be like,  so you don't even get to use the laser tag?  You can't use it.  I believe this space that they were trying to make laser tag is now the game room  and they expanded the track at some point. Oh, OK.  So the track's a little bigger than it used to be.  I have one more question.  Why did you think the Iron Maiden machine would be there, even though it's new owners?  I didn't know it was new owners.  I was like, oh, this place looks different.  So when we said K1, the place by Burbank, you thought of racers edge.  Yeah, no, I thought that I see the name and I just forgot the name.  I see. OK. Because I didn't know there were competing go kart  comfort like that, like a giant chain would take over an old like.  Well, this is like the Walmart of go kart companies just absorbing  everything in its wake, I feel like.  Yeah. It takes over  because of all the locations.  And I don't know, do we know what does racers edge even functioning at all?  I don't think it exists.  Oh, rest in peace, racers edge.  Oh, man. Yeah.  I think that was the one location.  Racers edge, the mom and pop of go kart.  The mom and pop basically.  By big K1 speed.  K1 is bumping the other competitors off the track.  Man.  So, yeah, so we go in there and it's a big, big place, obviously,  because you have to have a track.  I was thinking the track would be bigger, honestly.  It was a little smaller than in my mind. Really?  It was so narrow to me.  Well, like, I kind of didn't understand how anybody like you're maybe one  one racer can pass another, maybe.  But if you're if that thing's packed, how is anybody getting through?  That seems like that was my city.  I was so nervous for so many reasons.  And I haven't even revealed all the reasons I was nervous yet.  That's what my podcast is mostly about.  I know what you were coming in with.  I like Jason taking a leisurely stroll.  I want to make sure that our discussion of the racing part  doesn't preclude Jason from talking about his stroll.  Keep chipping in the straw.  Trematic memories to talk about, too.  Don't worry. OK.  I've got a dramatic.  Don't focus on that so much that it distracts from the stroll. Yeah.  Well, even just to Jason's point earlier, when he said that, oh, they  they the game room and expanded the track, I thought they expanded the track.  So it was smaller than that before, because like you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Like I could see where they I could see the area probably being like  where they had expanded being thinking like, oh, yeah, I see that  they could have expanded that particular area  because it feels like this feels different than what everything else is.  But if you were just right, you were basically riding around in a circle.  And if if yes, if racers edge was that was smaller than what it is now.  Racers edge is like the bear in the little car in a circus.  You just drive in a circle over and over again.  Keep it steady.  I guess it's more like NASCAR, though, I suppose,  because NASCAR, you're just going in a big oval.  Oh, so you always I don't think that's necessarily always the case.  I don't know. Does NASCAR have different stuff?  Is NASCAR different than the did they have to do?  Do you know, didn't they just do or are about to do  that you were a race through the streets of Chicago?  That's Formula One. Oh, OK. OK. Yeah.  NASCAR. All right. OK. Yeah.  I was worried I didn't know NASCAR.  And this is more akin to Formula One than NASCAR.  F1. What's got K1? K1.  Yeah, K1. K1 is like K1. K1 is like F1 for sure.  It seems like depending on the location of these places,  they'll either have a Formula One car or a NASCAR car.  Like as a branding, like as like, oh, look, here's a car.  You can take your picture. Oh, yeah.  Which one was this? Or like shit on the walls.  Yeah. Well, this this one has speaking of shit on the walls.  This one has like, how would you describe this  like sort of trend in restaurants where it's like kind of a fake brush  sort of like leaves on a wall and then there's a neon sign  that says ended up at K1.  Do you know what I'm talking about?  What? That's like an Instagram.  Yeah. Ended up in K1.  Yes. Oh, look at this.  Oh, right. OK.  It's a very like trendy thing to have it like, again, like a gastropub  or some sort of a restaurant or something.  But it is interesting.  I sent this picture to Jade, my girlfriend, and she was like,  Oh, an Instagram wall. You hate that shit.  She's right. It's a little exhausting.  You hate a neon sign against some fake leaves?  No, I love neon.  I love but the fake or real greenery like a wall.  A fake shrub.  You don't like any.  We don't. We like fake rocks.  We don't like indoor fake shrubs.  That's not true.  I know that's what he's said.  That's that's Jason.  I think it's just it's just like when everywhere it just has like the sign.  Do you think it's a cursive?  Do you not care for the cursive aspect of the neon?  I mean, because that makes it try to look a little fancy.  Ended up at K1.  Well, it means you ended up at the K1 speedway.  I guess.  I mean, it's like your day took an exciting turn.  How do you feel about that type of Instagrammable wall?  I mean, ended up at K1 just makes it feel like it was an accident.  It's like, well, just ended up at K1.  Like, I think maybe they should think about how they want to brand themselves.  Yeah. Yeah. Great to be at K1.  It's like, oh, maybe that doesn't have a better flow,  but you want to make it seem like it was intentional that they came.  Drag to K1.  And it's not like because that's kind of that's what you text somebody  when you there's not a very exciting night afoot.  And you just went to that bar that is acceptable and close.  What happened? Ended up at K1.  It's like, oh, yeah.  Well, then I'm going to call it then.  I'm not. Yeah, I won't see you there.  Drank too much White Claws at the Paddock restaurant.  Drove a little gasoline bomb.  Also, to say restaurant at that place is very much a stretch.  Stretch for sure.  Yeah, when you said full, it is a full service restaurant.  Using their language, using their  just in that they have appetizers, sandwiches and like desserts.  I think the menu is full.  The pizza, the menu is very full, but it is basically like a counter  at a movie theater, smaller than that, actually.  Yeah. The most AMC's.  Again, when I was there before, it was like a snack bar  where you can see the entire like side of the soda fountain.  You know, you can see the tanks and stuff. What?  What does that mean?  Like a soda fountain at like the Little League, like Clubhouse, you know?  I actually don't know. I don't.  Are you just are you saying that you could see inside of the soda fountain  in the sense that you could see the walking by the soda fountain  because it's on the other side of where you buy tickets?  You know, it's right next to the cash register.  You're seeing like the tubs of syrup that go into making soda.  Yeah, yeah. Like you see the canisters, the tubs and the tubes out.  Yeah, it's just because it just used to be a fucking counter  with like, you know, it was not as silly.  Yeah, it wasn't as they weren't as worried about Instagrammable.  Right. All moments. Right.  Moments. Yeah. OK.  So it sounds like it got better.  Uh, I guess better in what sense?  Well, I know I don't want to see the syrup canisters.  That's kind of gross.  You know, that's how they make it, though.  So you just want to say that in mind.  Yeah, basically, because those are like  it's just like a big like those metal circular kind of things  that almost look like they're helium tanks and some certain kind of helium  tanks. Yeah, yeah.  I don't know. I think in the past, I had more of a shitty family  fun center vibes.  And this has more of like a brew pub.  Yeah, it's a brew pub with a lot of Yelp reviews of like  grown men hit by 10 year old son a number of times when you were a race.  I say good.  That's how you make them a man.  Yeah. Scott was talking about bringing his son.  I said that this is a this is a future in which my son is older,  more confident and doesn't whine at everything that suggested that he does.  So a lot has to happen between now and then.  But yes, I would.  I'll give it a shot when a lot changes.  So, yeah, we went in there and they give you the option.  They try to sell you the annual pass.  I don't know if you remember.  Did they try to do that to you? Probably.  Probably. Yeah.  And we said, no, we want one race, which is still kind of unclear.  Like how many laps are races?  I didn't know that going in.  I'm sure if we asked, they would tell us.  And according to look and Scott and I have printouts of our race as well.  Yeah, we got our graphs.  Oh, I've been wondering what this paper was.  I was like, yeah, I was there that I didn't grab.  Yeah, it is oddly.  Yeah, we're very analog in this.  They're going to hear a lot of paper rattling.  Yeah. So let's get the stats.  You got to print out. You got to print out of how you did.  It's a couple of stats about a lot of like diner place mats with advertisements.  Yeah. The advertisements are about the other counters,  the other options at K1 race.  Yeah, yeah, they're smart about it.  There's a coupon here and then there's what other else?  What other stuff you can get involved in like the K1 Teen Cup?  Everybody, you have to realize it's double sided.  So there's stuff on both sides of the sheet of paper.  And the smallest block is the block of their progress.  And then everything else is like pictures and advertisements  and other things about stuff about K1.  It's almost like a did you guys have Weekly Reader growing up?  Do you remember this?  There was a little like a thin kind of like magazine  they would pass out in the only Midwest.  Oh, for kids, like at elementary school.  Yeah, it's called Weekly Reader and it would be like on this thin paper.  Like the scholastic book like kind of.  Yeah, something like that.  Anyway, we'll do Weekly Reader would be a good episode for podcast The Ride.  Really? I feel like I want to pitch that you would have been like, no way.  No, we clean out because we're doing a whole month about weekly readers.  So, yeah, we're just going to have to wait on that one.  But you know what?  So so my I will say this, looking at this,  I'm getting all over the place here, but to justify my worry about teens,  there is a K1 Teen Cup.  So they are encouraging teens to race and they're having them.  How dare they close this establishment?  I'm not saying it's bad. I'm just saying.  I'm just saying they can't even vote.  I was right. There's a K1 Junior League, a K1 Teen Cup.  So if the Teen Cup was there that day,  they might have thrown Scott and I on the track with them.  I mean, oh, and then they would have just outraged you.  Yeah, they would have destroyed us.  Like you guys are imagine walking into the movie The Warrior.  That's what I said earlier.  Yeah, exactly what Mike said. Yes.  It's almost like the thing Mike exactly said.  I said it. Yeah.  So so we go in there and they try to upsell us.  And it's still like because I just because of how we like annual passes  on the show, I was there was part of me, I was like, should we get an annual pass?  Probably not. But it's like it's not the worst.  It's like a good deal.  But I was like, realistically, am I going to be back here a lot?  And I don't think so. But we'll see.  Well, let me ask, did you guys like go karts growing up?  Because they really caught on at some point, seemingly in my memory.  Like family fun centers.  Ronnie Ronnie. Yeah.  I mean, I didn't ride that many.  But I do agree that there was a point when  and maybe that's just always the case.  Like once you become a certain age of the teenager  and you're able to sort of like do stuff, you're like,  yeah, these sort of fun park places, that's where we hang out now.  Yeah. Yeah.  And then that's when you go karts or whatever.  And so I I had a couple of those.  But I didn't I wasn't a frequenter of go karts stuff,  because I also am very.  I'm I'm pretty cautious.  So like a go karts are kind of to me, potentially there.  They seemed reckless. Like, oh, what are you?  I mean, then when you get in here, like, oh, yeah, this is kind of what it is.  But the idea of it felt so like so I would always be like,  no, you guys go do your ride. It's OK.  I'll be over here and I'll wait around or whatever.  And I never really got on as many as, you know, I probably could have. Sure.  Yeah, this is exactly me.  I think I here's here's my full scoop.  I had never done go karting until yesterday for this.  I've never once.  And I have the exact same situation you just described.  We're like, no, you guys guys just don't really.  Where I think I was assuming a degree of danger  that you realize is not there as soon as you do your first turn in the car.  I just like my whole life, I'm imagining something so much crazier than it is.  Yes. I will also say yesterday was my first time riding in a go kart.  And the reason I was not allowed to.  I was told another thing on the list.  I was told this Ronnie in on your childhood.  I was told this was too dangerous.  This was like a lot of things I was not allowed to do as a kid,  including not having posters above my bed because they would fall  and suffocate me during the night.  Interesting.  That's a new one.  I think I have said that on the show.  I don't remember that one.  Casey, you heard that?  I didn't remember that.  Now in California, you really aren't because of earthquakes.  You're not supposed to.  Well, I grew up in Illinois.  You grew up in Illinois, though, so I don't quite get that.  The poster could suffocate you.  I swear this is what she said.  And she claims to not remember this.  Like a lot of things she claims to not remember.  Like a plastic bag.  It would have to get so precisely on your mouth.  Like you would, I guess, if it fell on you and then you you'd have to roll over  a couple of times, you'd have to end up being a real pig in a blanket with that.  It would have to be wrapped in it.  It would have to be like a Mr.  Bean episode for me to suffocate with a poster.  Your childhood.  It's like the the video game Hitman, where it's like,  and there are so many ways you could kill somebody.  There's so many scenarios.  Well, you can use the wire.  The tacks on his poster so that when he goes to sleep at night,  they fall off the wall and suffocate him.  No gauze is in the house because it could be used to bludgeon you  or the shards could cut you.  Yes, that is. Yeah.  So stuff was it was hard to get to a water park.  I was not allowed to go to a water park with his friends.  I had to go with my mother until I was like 16 or seven.  Like it was like at 18, I went to Noah's Ark alone,  which is a water park up on Wisconsin Dulles.  So there were a lot of no-nos.  No, I cannot have a skateboard.  That was too dangerous.  So the one the listeners have heard this, but Ronnie, the one that I  I forgot is how you had to lie about you to lie  so that because you could not go to water park birthdays.  So you had to lie to my friends.  Yeah.  So like I would get invited to my friend's birthday every year,  which was at a water park for whatever, like teenage years.  And my mom would be like, well, tell them you're going to celebrate  your father and I's anniversary.  And I go, why would I be doing that?  Well, but that because it's it's not it's a white lie.  OK, yeah.  I go, I'd rather just say you won't let me go.  In this instance, I would rather just tell the truth.  Yeah, that seems more lame than me.  You argue with me about this, too.  You'd be like, no, no, no, it's more lame if you say that I won't let you go.  I go, no, it's not.  At least there's like an external force preventing me from doing it.  It's not that I'm just like a little wuss.  Look, son, you're already pretty lame.  So like, I don't want you to be more lame.  I'm hindering you a bunch in your childhood.  I agree. But at the same time, I don't want to make you even more of a lame  than you have to be at this point.  You're celebrating me and your father's anniversary.  Sorry, it's not lame in the least.  And it was always there.  I wrote you a little song, Mom and Dad.  I'm the kid you had and I'm wishing you an anniversary.  My sister and I are putting on our annual pageant to celebrate  Mother and Father's anniversary.  And of course, the rehearsals take two weeks.  So your birthday always falls in this two week gap.  So I'm so sorry, but I always do a little we always do little skits.  I'm going to be Austin Powers saying that your anniversary is groovy.  And my sister, she's going to be Dr.  Evil. This birthday will this anniversary will not stand.  We had to put on a performance every year.  I had to do something. I don't remember what happened.  I may have one year made her say it.  I don't like it. I don't even it's so cloudy.  What's the oldest you were that this happened?  That's a good question.  It probably 14.  I mean, 14, maybe 13 or 14.  Like it seemed to let high school.  I don't think he had this every year.  So probably like 13, 14 ish.  Maybe a little give or take a year.  So so do you think that that's an experience now that you have in your own child?  You're like, obviously, you're not like, I got to make sure my child takes risk.  But does it make you more aware of the idea of that you have to be  or that you probably will be a little bit more loose  with like what you let your child experience?  Yeah, it does. And it does.  And it's interesting because I think on some of the actual specific  point, like specific places and things I'm going to be looser on.  But the feeling of anxiety does remain and it comes out in different moments.  Now, you're not on this free climbing right now, right?  She's free. Like Tom Cruise and the possible.  Yeah, she's training to do like the free solo climb.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes.  So I think there'll be some stuff I'm looser on.  But the feeling of like,  oh, my God, anything can kill you is there.  And it'll pop up in weird ways for me.  So so so yes and no, I can manage.  I at least am aware of it, which I think is the good thing.  Right. And managing is the is the managing to make it OK.  I'm not going to worry about it.  I swear everything's going to be OK.  So going into yesterday, in the back of my mind,  there was a little bit of like, you're doing something dangerous.  But I had the only the reason I was a little mom over your shoulder.  The reason I was this day.  Yeah, yes. Well, yes.  Tell Scott and the podcast listeners that it's our anniversary.  And you have to tell them it's your anniversary.  You're celebrating me and your father's anniversary.  Yeah. I, I.  My mother is like, there's a little great kazoo on my shoulder.  I might I might have some some ammunition for your mother,  because my go kart memories are more of what she worried about.  Hold on one second, because I just want to finish this thought  and then we'll get to your traumatic stuff.  We'll get to his ammunition for your mother.  Ammunition. Yeah.  Settling.  You will get to get to your pro mother.  Yeah. Yeah.  He's going to kill your mom for you.  No, his mom's going to kill him.  I also. You're giving her the ammunition.  Like the plastic bags from the grocery store that you could suffocate.  Oh, yeah. Be careful.  Don't go to the grocery store by yourself.  That's true.  And certainly my mom hasn't brought up a bunch of things to worry about  in regards in regards to the baby.  That's not happened. Oh, OK.  That's good to hear.  That sounds genuine and that's good to hear.  She lives closer to you now.  So that's that helps.  So so we went in there and I was also in my mind sometimes.  I'm like I was thinking there would be like go cards like Mario Kart,  like smaller carts, but that's not like Mario Kart, the original.  But yeah, once I saw I was like, OK, those are bigger things.  Now they have to fit a person.  So, yes. Yes.  As opposed to a little dinosaur.  Well, Bowser crammed his way in there.  So yeah, that's true.  Maybe I was I also say I will say I had I was a little it was a little tight for me.  I'm a tall guy.  You're a tall guy. Yeah.  So so we did this.  Now, the only reason I wasn't super, super worried was because I have done  a crazier version of this, which I've talked about on the show before,  like an actual drive on the desert at a track where you get in a car.  Oh, and there's a guy next to you to make sure you don't crash.  Oh, just yelling stuff at you the whole time.  And you go it was a bachelor party.  You're going like 100 miles an hour and insane.  Right. That sounds. Yeah, that sounds crazy.  So so that's the only reason I wasn't a little bit more worried.  But like a straightaway or no, like this, like a track,  like kind of like turns and stuff, which is and and other people on the track.  Oh, which is insane.  Yeah. OK. And the cars are nice.  And the cars are not mess these up.  So we go in there.  They give they get what do they call them?  The things we got for free.  Head socks, socks.  You get a head sock for free.  Jason, did Racers Edge give you a free head sock?  You know, I had I don't remember head socks.  I remember like, I don't.  Would you call it a neck brace?  Like the neck padding?  I don't think you would call it like a neck.  The the sort of padded thing.  What the old lady version of Ernest wore.  Are you talking about motorcycle helmet?  Are you talking about after the race when they put you?  No, no. It's under your helmet.  It was like a neck guard. Really?  That's weird. That's much worse.  That's a lot worse on top and on top of a motorcycle helmet.  Oh, I guess they knew what their rides were.  Racers Edge was like, this is a neck pain for sure.  It's a preemptive neck brace.  With some lawsuits.  You're going to get whiplash.  This is like to slightly decrease your whiplash.  Yeah. So we put those on.  And very quickly, I remembered I have mild claustrophobia  when it comes to.  Yes. No.  We've talked about this before.  I had to bow out of an escape room.  A year and a half ago, because I was wearing a mask at that point  and they put your big kind of restrictive outfit on you.  And I had a mild panic panic attack.  And I remembered I did a Funny or Die video with Jeremy Piven  many years ago where I had to put on a racing helmet and I had a mild helmet.  Yeah, I had a mild like, oh, I don't like this.  So we go and I'm like, oh, shit.  I wasn't even thinking about worrying about this.  You didn't indicate this to me at all, probably because I couldn't see your face  by the time that this was on.  Well, at this point, I was just like,  I tried to serve like I was just like, no, you're not freaking out here.  So I put the thing on. I put the helmet on.  I'm like, no, you're fine. You're fine. You're fine. You're fine.  I'm thinking this in my head yesterday.  Everything is fine. I missed all of this.  And then once they put me in the car, I forget it.  But it's such a weird thing to have this like pop up once in a while  because your brain knows it's stupid. Right.  As soon as you're distracted, it's fine. Right.  But there was a good like 30 seconds, not not.  I didn't come anywhere close, like the Minotaur escape room  to bowing out or anything, but it was still it happened.  Ronnie, we'd love to have you on the show.  Let's just do a couple rounds of picking a topic to make sure we get one  where that causes me multiple levels of anxiety.  So I guess anything with dark caves or any sort of like. Yeah.  What about we never reviewed MRI machines?  Have you ever been in an MRI?  But they have to be themed MRI machines.  If they have like a pattern. If they play music through it,  then any of them can be. That's true. That's true.  So so once I was seated in the in the car, that was fine.  And then I was ready to race. I was ready to go.  So anyway. Mm hmm.  Overall, I'm back up to Ronnie's experience, which is wait,  or did you you did it by yourself, but was there anyone else on the track?  Oh, for sure. There's a lot of people like and there were  because at first it was  a group of teens.  Oh, like so I think they were like a group.  It was like, oh,  maybe like a family and and other people.  And so it was like a bunch of younger people that were just in that ride  to sort of like knew each other.  So like they were sort of like bumping each other a little bit or like  or even when they came in, you know, like when you come back in  to pull your car in, they're like kind of smashing it to you.  They're like, oh, oh, and they're like laughing like, ha ha ha.  Whatever that type of thing.  But it's because they knew each other.  So it was like, oh, we're just having fun with our buddies.  And then they got out.  And so I went in by myself.  And it was like people who sort of knew each other.  So it was like, I'm going to say a pack of women, but no, it's not as aggressive as  is it sounds like a woman who knew each other.  So they were like having fun and then some guys, whatever.  And then there was one guy who is like.  If you've ever seen any of the Fast and Furious movies, it's like one person  who is like the that the racer who was like, oh, man, that's  that's that's Tony so and so like he had that vibe.  Right. Just just  just he looked like  he looked like one of the bad guys from any sort of Rambo movie,  like just somebody, just somebody from somewhere else  who's just whose job is to just kill Rambo.  So that was that was the way he looked like.  But apparently they had to have known this person because it's like, oh, hey,  what's up, man? And he's like, yeah.  So I'm thinking like maybe he like he's worked there or it's rather he he works  there. So this is him.  Or he races there so much that he's like a regular.  So the guy knew him.  And so I'm going to tell you my experience because this is how I knew.  This is how I felt like I was being cheated.  We start the race.  I'm I'm racing, OK, I'm like driving,  shifting and doing all this stuff and not shifting, just breaking, breaking  and gassing.  There are no shifts in breaking and gassing.  I was like, well, you got a different going nuts.  I thought you got a different car than us.  Yeah, I know. I think there might be different.  There might be more complicated cars.  I think there is something where you could drift or something.  I think there's a drift night.  Uh huh. Where they modify the cars and there's also a glow night.  Well, yeah, we got to talk about that later.  Well, so I'm so I start driving.  So I'm I'm like the last car.  Or maybe he's behind me, rather.  He was in front of me or behind me.  So, yeah, so I'm driving.  The guy hasn't moved.  And so it was finally like they've got far enough.  And then you just see him sort of take off.  But you're like, we're so far ahead.  And seemingly I'm flooring it.  Like, I feel like I'm pushing the gas through the floor.  So I'm riding like if we're all going the same speed, there's no way.  Yeah. And then he just sort of starts whipping through.  Wow. To the point where that's when I realized I was like, I think he  I think his thing is just faster than everybody else's,  because there is no way that he's lapping us like that, because I was  by no means playing it safe.  I was  can't break when I had to sort of get into a turn.  But I was because I was literally trying to be like it was like a puzzle to me.  I was like, I got to get this like if you were a test or something.  I was like, I got to get through him.  Got to get through this person.  Oh, come on, get there around this person.  All right, Greg, got around this person.  Like so it literally was like, I'm going as fast as this thing can possibly go.  But I think but at one point, and this is how I realized  that how they control sort of the the the.  Oh, they can turn they can do it like throttle.  This is because somebody had sort of  she turned T-bone turned or got turned sideways.  So he had to sort of like stop it so they can manually stop it.  So we couldn't drive our cars until they sort of got the car turned around.  So that's when I was like, are they juicing his car up?  Like, does he have if there's to speak in terms of there's like  if there's like a 10 like a 10 speed level.  And let's say they got all of our cars at like a five.  Right. Do they have his at like an eight?  You know, because he's like somebody who knows the track clearly.  They're like, oh, yeah, you're going to you can do whatever the fuck you want.  Like, we trust you not to wreck your car.  And so he was able to sort of like I think he might have let me like twice.  He was going so fast, going so much just so much faster than everybody else  that he was able to catch up and sort of like that.  That was his this deal.  I want to make it a challenge for me.  Sort of the sort of vibe.  Let everybody lay back, let everybody else go.  And then we're tempted at every turn to compare this to Mario Kart.  But this is this is like he had a star. Right.  He had the star.  How he got it, I don't know if he like if that's a deal he makes with the place.  Right. But that's that's it.  But it definitely was like the experience of, oh,  and there's a split second for you where you kind of go,  do I want to kind of get into go kart racing?  Like, do I want to come here enough to where they allow me to go faster than that?  And then you're like, think about it.  You like, of course, I don't know.  No way do I want to devote my time, my free time to being the go kart guy.  As soon as you do one thing in your regular life, it reminds you.  Oh, right. Yes, I am not.  I cannot drop everything and be Mr. Go Kart.  Because I felt similar.  I don't think I went for it as hard as you did.  But I'm looking at stats and I'm like, I think I could increase these stats.  I think I know what I could do different now.  Maybe I got to start.  And then like I then I see my son again and like,  wait, this is what I have to be doing.  Not to not have responsibilities.  Now, go kart stats.  It seems like it reminds me of like the indoor skydiving at City Walk,  where like we did it once and we're like, you know, just trying to keep it together.  And then sometimes you walk by and there's clearly regulars.  Like there was like a 12 year old kid there once,  and he's just like flipping around and bouncing.  And they turn the air up for him.  They turn it up so he can go high.  It's funny that you mentioned that, because within the time frame  of when Mike first asked me to do this and till now,  I've done so many stuff in between that window.  And I fly was one of the things that I really did.  Oh, you do that?  I did it with my like for my girlfriend's birthday.  She had like a bunch.  She doesn't use gift cards.  Like she forgets that she has them. Sure. So.  We basically I basically divvied up all the gift cards  of hers that I could find.  And then we just started going around places to wear the gift card.  Some of these were so old that people had to sort of like go to a different system.  Like I fly was one of them where they were like, we have to sort of we got a new system.  So we have to go dig it to our sort of analog manual system  to sort of like find this gift card thing.  So it was situations like that.  And so we went and I was not going to do it.  But I but I said, if I get this for her  and I don't do it, she's not going to enjoy it as much.  So I had to do it.  And so I did it as well.  And it's like, yeah, that's like there's people in there that is like, oh, yeah.  In my it was just the instructor who was like, all right,  trying to show you all how to do it.  And when they're doing it, you're like, yeah, maybe I do want to kind of  because they only like letting you do like tandem sort of was like,  keep it straight, go up and down.  Yeah. And then it's like, all right.  Now, after the fact, that's how they get you,  because it's like, all right, well, you've got you.  It's perfectly.  Totally. They're like, all right.  And now you got the ride or now you've done it before.  So now do you want to, you know, maybe invest in this a little bit more right now  was the only time you can get a 10 pack.  And for this price now, because you did the ride.  But if you leave here, then it's regular price again to get the  10 tri ride or whatever. Right.  And I was seriously thinking like, that's kind of a good deal.  Do I want to end the new the same thing being like, I'm not the I fly guy.  I'm not going to be here once a week, spending my time trying to, you know,  try to get better.  Now I get to turn around one time or whatever.  Like it was like, I don't I'm not going to do this.  It's interesting. But I don't have the time. Yeah. Yeah.  But it's so it's a perfect team thing because you do have the time.  If you have the time.  These are great team places because you can be like the coolest team  with a very specific skill, like that your friends probably do not have.  Yeah. And then you compete with other teens in the teen cup. Right.  So now with this context, Mike, do you see why the teen cup  is not necessarily an evil?  No, I understand.  There's probably good teens that compete in the teen cup,  and they just like the spirit of competition.  And yeah, maybe it gives them some sort of pride in something  that they've learned how to do.  I get that they're not all bad teens.  I don't want to paint the broad brush  that all teens are going to hassle an older man.  That's not true. I know.  I know that. But this is just a logical mind of mine.  That was brave of you to say.  I mean, you feel free to qualify and say an older man  who is totally down with teens and knows what.  Well, yeah, older man who is sort of in tune with the young generation  or a lot of ways.  Because you go to Hot Topic once every nine months and you see items on the shelf.  So, you know what teens like.  I'm drinking liquid death water.  I was just telling everybody before the record now, that's like a younger,  hipper thing to do.  Does the audience know this, that Mike's drinking liquid death now?  You guys should probably be listeners.  You should be aware Mike has made a choice in his life.  You have stylish camo pants on.  I went to camo joggers a few years ago, almost exclusively.  Thank you for noticing.  Obviously.  That's a good way to hide if a bunch of if you're in the jungle  and there's a bunch of teens running loose in there.  That's right.  You know, if you're if you're on a hike and you don't realize  that you like crossed a border into a paintball zone.  Yeah.  Now you're on the run like, oh, I'm going to get hit.  But maybe you won't because you got the camera.  I was not allowed to do paintball either because it was dangerous.  Well, that is a weapon.  It does. I am scared. I've never done it.  That feels I'm a little scared to do it because I was hurt.  So never done. Yeah.  But we should probably do it and just hurt each other.  Yeah. Yeah. Well, you wear your camo pants.  Yeah, you can hide.  You can also hide against the fake plant Instagram walls.  You can disappear into them.  Is there like a gastropub style paintball place that we could go  that has some sort of a lounge that a cancer of publics  with the worst food you've probably ever eaten.  Fair enough. Yeah.  And if you're going to be worried about anybody, I would say  I worry about any of the patrons at the paintball place.  They're probably people who I own real guns.  And this is the only way I get to get my my gun shooting out.  It's the only way I can shoot real aggro people that are like,  you can go with your friends and it's different.  But if you're like, all right, we're going to go and sort of be amongst  amongst the regular patrons of somewhere like this,  that's probably going to meet a lot of more aggro people.  Yeah. And not the teens are not the people I'm worried about.  Right. No, it's the guy like putting his paintball gear, aren't going like  this, just like being back in NOM and you're like, oh, no.  You want to be back. Full metal jacket.  Multiple different style of paintball weapons.  You got a handheld paintball gun. He's whipping that to his pants.  The guy got like a AK 47 paintball.  He shoots himself in the head with his own paintball gun.  No, no.  You're back me to a corner. I got to take myself out.  It's like, what are you talking about?  I haven't talked to you.  I'd rather do it. No, right now, I'd rather you do it than I.  Rather, I do it than you do it.  So how that is the city.  Yeah. The cool guy doesn't.  The cool evil guy doesn't surprise me there because there's so much going on.  YouTube, you look at the YouTube at all for K1 speed.  A little bit. Yeah.  It's like there's they got a lot.  There's a whole thing.  And like as they show you on these these printouts, they have weekly  like the National Leaderboard and the Burbank Burbank Adult's Best of the Week.  So they keep track of all these numbers.  Yeah. You know, like you can look at this right now and see number one, Scott Gardner.  Number number on the national  leaderboard. Yeah, no, that'd be that'd be national.  Number two, it just says the ace.  No, I don't know about the ace.  The ace. Was that oh, that's when I used a different name.  OK, OK. Yeah.  Oh, that's right. I am the ace, too.  Oh, and then there is also two interesting best stroller also.  Best adult stroller.  Oh, yeah. Right.  Jason Sheridan to see if there was a number one machine there.  But I'm sure that's the adult stroller.  I like how they break it down into rather child or adult or child.  Yes. Yeah.  Yeah. Burbank Adult, best of the week.  And that's I'm confused by some of the scoring.  All I know is that like, OK, let's just like the ranks is the rank out of  how many people have ever done it, because the rank is out of 12 million.  The rank is out of almost 13 million.  And I'm happy to say I don't remember what yours is.  Mine's like seven hundred and forty seven thousands something.  Where are you? Nine hundred and seventy two thousand.  OK, so we're in that we are in the top million.  I was I was definitely a true that we might be so in the bottom or even.  I mean, the worst would be to be in the bottom 10 of 13 million.  But I think we're keeping pace with the top 15 percent, I think.  Yeah. Or something.  Pretty good. OK.  Could you find you have an email because you had to sign a waiver before you start.  Do you think you could like you search K-1 in your email?  Do you think you might have because I found my results also in my email  from the waiver as well.  So maybe your results are somewhere on your email.  Oh, I would have to look.  I do remember I don't remember where I was in that.  I do remember that.  Oh, and I was rather like out of maybe like eight or nine racers.  I was like fourth or fifth.  But I only remember this because I remember kind of OK.  And this is the most I remember it because I was like, oh, I was the worst man  because everybody who was before me were all men  and everybody I had beat were all the women.  And I was like, interesting.  OK, I'm the worst man.  Yeah, I'm the worst man here, but I'm faster than all the women, which is like  I just remember it was such a misogynistic thought to be like, huh, interesting.  Like it's like, you all did this.  That's strange. It broke down that way. That's interesting.  I wish that we had broader stats.  Now I sort of wish that we had I felt the same.  I think we felt the same way going in where we were like,  so you want to get there at opening.  And then once we're in there,  do you want to make sure that we sign up and pay as quickly as possible?  And as soon as any other customers come in,  people who maybe were older than us, let's make sure we let's get on the  track, run us through the safety instructions really fast.  I was I wanted to get out there so quickly on the track  so that it was just the two of us.  Yeah. But now that I've done it and I realize that it's not scary at all.  Now I kind of wish that we had a bunch of teen stats to go up against.  But unfortunately, that was a race of two people.  It was a race of two people. Yeah.  I will. I for the for the show.  Yeah, it would be better if it was Scott and I versus six 13 year olds.  Or like we like we got entered into the team cup that day.  They're like, well, you can race today, but you're going to be part of the team cup.  I'm like, OK, well.  But I might have been like out. I'm out. I'm out.  I don't care. I'm out of the show. I'm quitting the show.  But there was a race going on, which was the race to get out there  as quickly as possible to arrive.  Maybe like not even a little late to like, let's make sure I'm parking at 1150.  Because I do not want anyone else on that track.  Let's put these face socks on as quickly as possible.  Oh, Mike's having a panic attack.  Let's look, let's muscle through that.  Let's get through that as quickly as we can.  And so the people come in after you like were  people coming in  regressive around the opening time or were you like, oh, it's us.  And then it wasn't anybody else for like maybe minutes or so.  There were in minutes later.  We were right on our tail.  But we got out of there.  We did our race, just us and then got to watch their race  and see that they were going, I would say, an average of 10 seconds faster per lap  than we were.  The our average laps are in the like  35, 37 zone.  And they were. What does that mean?  That's seconds. Yeah, that's how long it's 12 laps.  That's like that's how long one takes.  So I'm averaging 35.  And the people right after us, one of them was very young.  We're we're at least 10 seconds faster.  Yeah, that's that's where we.  Yeah. OK.  So we were I was because I did the car that car thing  many years ago at this point.  I was like, you know what? I know how to do this.  What you do is you accelerate when there's like kind of a straightaway  and then you hit the brake and do the turns, because that's what  the man yells at you who's sitting next to you in this car thing to do.  He goes, God, God, what floor like put the pedal to the floor.  And you're like, that feels wrong.  Like so you're like, I'm already going pretty fast.  But that's like sort of how you're supposed to do it,  because they have, you know, when you get to those turns,  it already says slow down and stuff. So or break, maybe I forget.  There's some warning on the when you're going around the turn.  It says slow down or break.  You mean on the track on the track itself?  Yeah, that threw me for a while.  I'm like, I guess so I have to slow down every single time I see the word slow down.  Yeah. So so I think what you're really supposed to do is gun it  on a straightaway and then just break as hard as you can and turn  and then gun it again.  And that's the way to get the fastest speed.  Now, I realize after I've done this, there's no way I was going top speed  on any of the straightaways because I was trying to do this in my mind.  Scott was almost Scott almost left me.  I was really trying towards the end.  I thought you might have not. This is a question I had.  I thought you might have been going easy on me because I go, Scott's going to lap me.  I don't want him to lap me.  And I started getting really stressed out about it.  I knew this was happening.  We didn't talk about it. We didn't talk about it.  But when I started to realize it was a possibility like, oh, shit, can I?  So I had some real motivation.  My best lap was 11 out of 12.  So you could tell that by the end, I'm thinking, can I do this?  Can I do this? Maybe I can do this.  And I didn't quite get there.  Ultimately, I was still like kind of like,  you know, like nervous enough to not fully.  But I was getting more ambitious.  I really liked that lap.  To be completely fair to you, I did start first.  It was a slow beginning.  So I don't think all of that lapping would have been purely because I'm a speed demon.  Well, I think what happened was you were just maintaining a normal  amount of speed the whole time because you said you never broke.  I never hit the brake one time.  All I would do, I would ease off on the gas, but I did not ever brake.  So I think this notion.  Yeah, I think you were applying this real this crazy fast car logic.  Right. But not doing it right.  Yeah, not going fast enough for that.  I never break is what is my but I did.  This was accidental.  Because I did.  One of the times I went the fastest, I broke and I almost I did  kind of almost hit the wall a little bit.  So I was like, well, that's a little too fast, I think.  Like, so I did it.  I definitely was not going as fast as possible.  But I think you've proven the tortoise and the hare almost in a way.  Not that we were going slow and steady, but consistent speed  is better unless you're very good at doing.  I just don't think you want to break entirely.  Because then you have to gear up this to go back to Mario Kart.  This is if you get hit with a shell or spin around and lose your five coins.  I'm talking about the very first Mario Kart.  Of course, yes.  Or you have to be lifted by the little guy with the fishing pole  to the gear up again.  Takes so long.  Well, but I think what it would be is the drift type thing  is that you're going so fast that break, you're skinning into position.  And then you go right.  Like, if you're doing it correctly, I don't think you're actually losing  as much speed as you think you are.  Oh, maybe. I think.  But this is this is something you have to become, as we've said, a go kart guy.  Yeah. To be able to master this.  So I think for a first time.  Mastering the art of how much brake, how much gas.  I mean, full gas, but how much little brake to full gas.  Yeah. Now, there are K one on one race classes  where you can book a one on one racing lesson with an expert.  You booked them for all of us.  Yeah. Mike, she had 9999 for a lesson.  Oh, my God.  Is so it's possible.  I'm look, I don't think I'm going to be a race guy, but I did leave there going,  I could I should have done a little better.  And it's not just because I lost the sky.  It was just like I was like, I mean, give me one more.  That's how that's how they do you.  Because once you realize that it's like, oh, it's not as crazy as I thought  it was going to be.  Then you're like, all right, now that that part is over, I feel like  I know how to approach this in a way that's that I can do better.  Yes. Like if you would have had if let's say like if you would have bought two rides,  because I think like the deals get better, the more rides you buy.  Yeah, for sure.  So it's like, oh, I would have paid for the two rides.  And then the second ride, you would probably would have  did much better than your first ride.  That's right. But you're not going to pay for one ride and then go like,  I think I got another one and then pay for another full one ride.  It's like, oh, yeah, I'll just  I'll just eat this will just burn me for the rest of my life.  Yeah, yeah. Yes, I will never fix this.  That's what that's what I left when I did that car thing.  The car thing is I've said this, I'm repeating myself,  but I guess I haven't said it in a little bit.  What they do with when you're actually racing in a car is they take you  on the track in a littler car with somebody else driving to familiarize  your brain with the layout of the track.  So it's in almost it's not like it's just like a little bit bigger  than a sedan or something, but you're packed in there  with the other people that are going to race.  And a person is driving the car and you get on the track  with a bunch of other cars and you race.  She drives around the track and she's just like, so what are you going to do?  You're going to be taking a left here and then you break here, accelerate here.  And you're going and you're like in the backseat.  I'm just like, this is the fastest I've ever been in a car ever.  And she's driving, she's driving fast and explaining everything.  She's like, it's amazing what she's doing.  She's repeating the speech.  She's memorized that she's  breaking, going crazy or whatever.  And then she goes, and now I'm going to go around again  and really open it up.  So she so you're already in the backseat of like this is a runaway car.  I've never been in that. We're going to crash.  Then the second lap, she goes as fast like what feels like twice as fast.  And I remember just going, I am terrified.  I've never been this scared in my life.  I've never been in like a vehicle going this fast.  And you get out and you're shaken.  Everyone in the car with us was just like rubbing their head.  Like, what are we going to be? What are we doing?  This is like you feel like ten posters fell on you in the middle of the night.  Yes. So everyone's like, everyone who's never done this before is commiserating.  Like, oh, my God, what are we doing?  And then you do get in the car and once you kind of get the hang of it,  you've never felt adrenaline like this.  And it's the same kind of thing where afterward I was like,  I got to race a car again.  Like your adrenaline is so high.  You start having the thoughts of like, maybe I drive out into the 90 minutes  into the desert every weekend.  I wonder if I would feel like that if I did in a controlled environment like that.  Yeah. Like I one time when I was back home, I'm from South Carolina.  So I was driving.  I flew into Atlanta to drive to South Carolina.  And the car they gave me was this orange Challenger.  Oh, I never been in a job.  But they gave me I was like, OK.  And I remember it was when I was driving back to Atlanta  to return the car and fly home.  It was late at night, like really late, like one, two a.m., that type of late.  Right. And it was like just one of those kind of roads that's just like  nothing's happening either way.  It's just one of those straightaways.  That's just it's the country.  It's just a straightaway, nothing but trees and stuff like.  And I'm in this Challenger.  And there's no cars behind me.  And there's like no cars in front of me.  Like I'm sort of like in this unspoken like race  with another car at some point.  But I had dusted them.  Yeah. And when I say dusted them, I just meant like, you know,  I don't I didn't see him.  And I was like, I think I'm going to open it up.  And I just remember hitting the gas and being like, OK.  And like when it got around 80, I got so scared.  I was like, yeah, no, this is for me.  You know, and I and so the whole time I spent just like the wrestle of  I'm going to I'm going to punch it a little bit.  There's nobody that there's nobody going.  There's nothing. This is a straightaway.  Like nothing can happen.  I was just going to press the gas and it got to a certain speed.  And every time it got to a certain speed, I got too scared.  And then let off the gas.  So I wonder in the environment where it's like, this is it.  Would I feel more comfortable?  But I could not do it.  Well, there's a guy yelling it again, the way they do it with the car racing  is there's a person sitting next to you going faster yelling.  There's a man screaming at you to do something.  So like you will go a little faster than you are comfortable with.  But it is such a thing like with driving a car,  because you've driven a car for so many years that like just there's a comfortable  speed, which like once you go past it, it feels like you're breaking  the rules of space and time and like your brain all of a sudden just is like,  we're out of control. I can't.  A hundred is too much.  And I think maybe I got to like 90 something,  but he was still upset with the lack of speed.  The guy next to me, because he was like, I'm driving with this  fucking grandma over here.  I'm driving Miss Daisy.  You hit like you hit like 99 per hour.  And he's like, he's doing the pace car experience.  Like the monitor car.  I can't see anymore. Do you understand?  You call me a grandma.  I do think we should all do it.  I think we should go race cars.  Maybe you all should go race cars.  For sure.  No, it sounds awful.  All right. Well, you two should race the cars and just stroll around.  Yeah. Yeah.  Just roll it around.  See what drinks they got in the lobby of the car racing place.  Yeah, no, it's it was scary.  But by the end of it, I was like, that's the craziest adrenaline  surge of my life. Yeah.  So that it's worth it for that.  And I'm sorry, more than finally getting the four dollars off at CVS.  Well, that was a pretty big adrenaline surge.  Ronnie, we have Jason brought to my attention.  And if you go on CVS, sometimes in your email, they will give you a four dollar  off coupon. And my coupon was only for two dollars.  And Jason was getting a weekly four dollar coupon.  I haven't gotten them in weeks.  I keep getting the four dollar coupon now.  So Jason is not getting it.  And I've used it in the last two or three weeks.  Anything you want.  Look who's lapping who?  Yeah. Oh, yeah.  I didn't think he was going to do that.  I missed her checking.  This is just happening.  I wonder if it's just aminstance.  I wonder if we have a listener at CVS corporate or something or CVS marketing.  And they're like, this little asshole keeps spending four dollars on candy  and nothing else.  Well, Jason found the perfect hack.  If they have like a two for three movie theater box candy,  that's getting you under four dollars.  You roll in there, get three boxes free,  walk out with three boxes of movie theater candy.  Yeah. And that's his that's his hack.  I've done it once.  Sure. Works. Yeah.  Ronnie, you didn't know the kind of thrill junkies you were dealing with.  We stepped on this podcast.  Honestly, I thought I was coming in for a nice chill conversation.  I didn't know I was going to be in here with just a bunch of adrenaline.  A bunch of neurotic weirdo guys.  What's the best deal you've ever gotten?  Yeah. Like, get off my neck.  Name a good deal you've had or you're out.  Jesus. If you had said I want to talk about CVS, we would have said yes.  CVS counts.  Well, I did. I thought there's no way that these guys would talk about CVS.  It's just too it's just too action packed. Yeah.  Are they ready for it?  Speaking of neuroses.  So my go karting experience, I need to go go karts as kids.  My my first memory was that  my family had gotten like free tickets for like the go karts run by like  Playland, the amusement park at the boardwalk in Ocean City.  And these are the go karts.  They're kind of like behind the boardwalk.  And I think it was a lot of two seater go karts.  And I think I was either too short or right on the line to drive it.  But because it was two seater, I could ride in the passenger seat  with my dad driving. Wow.  And these are like the teen made ones because it's like seven dollars a race.  It's not like thirty dollars.  But I thought like, oh, this is good. I want to try this anyway.  These things must go like 50 miles an hour.  I'm sure they went 15 or 20 miles an hour.  How old are you?  Excuse me. How old were you?  This is probably like 10.  So then a few years later, it was like a group from the neighborhood  like went to a shitty family fund center, like a junkie second rate,  like Chuck E.  Cheese, Dave and Busters.  And that had a go kart track and whatever group we had gotten,  we had like unlimited races from it.  And so me and my brother did it like once or twice.  And the like second time we did it, you know, we're pulling in the races ending.  And like you said, like you're getting a little jostled  as everyone's breaking and coming into a line and stuff.  Whoever the young teen was  did not signal to one of the cars like stop, slow down.  And so they hit my brother's go kart at like whatever full speed was.  And he got his shit rocked.  Oh, like he was fine.  It was just very shaken up.  My mom was like screaming at the teens like, what the hell are you doing?  What is it? Who's watching that? Who's in charge here?  And probably making a bigger scene than he was upset about.  So that shook me.  Just witnessing all that shook me so much.  I then did not do go karts for like 20 years until  the former racers edge here in Burbank.  So I did it a little bit as a kid and then not again until I was like 30.  Because you don't want to be hit from behind.  I didn't want to get nailed from behind,  which seems to be a real possibility at this place  as they give you a full motorcycle helmet.  And there's a lot of reviews online of like I kept getting hit.  There's no way people aren't getting hit daily.  Right. There's just no way like I'm not saying it's maybe major stuff,  but there's just no way when there's a track full of people and kids.  Right. I think if it's like adults trying to really win or kids just being kids.  I think I was lucky that people were trying to figure out what was going on.  And I was just I was I was doing that thing where I was like, the goal is  I want to try to pass many people as I can and then also do it in a way where  it's like I'm crossing you, but I'm not hitting.  I didn't tell you, you know, whatever it is for like puzzle piece or the situation.  But I'm sure like when it's like, no, I'm trying to win.  I'm sure it's a lot of bump Fast and Furious style bumping and  and Nas hitting and oil slick oil slick drop off tricks and stuff.  When I went like and when I had been there before, I noticed this too.  There were like some very nice cars in the parking, like some Teslas,  some Dodge Chargers.  And I'm like, you've driven your nice car to this place to drive a worse car.  You know, that's every I'd everyone's car is worse than a go cart.  Yeah. I mean, honestly, it's not a situation if the go cart is better than your car.  Yeah. I mean, in some cases, I've got worse cars than the go.  You think you've got a worse car than a go cart?  I mean, I've just had older cars or like borrowed friends in college, like old  80s Volkswagen or whatever.  That was like a tank.  But let me ask you this. Did it have a roof?  Yeah, it did have a roof.  I think we're talking better than a go cart.  Listen, I don't want to.  I'm sure Scott isn't trying to any of his fans out here  who has a really bad car that's worse than a go cart.  We're not trying to shit on you.  I'm not. I'm not shaming.  But just take this moment as a moment of inspiration where it is like  you need to get a better car than a go cart.  If you're in the camp where it's like my car is not better than a go cart,  then this is your wake up call.  For safety's sake, for safety's sake.  I have to wear a face sock and a helmet before I go anywhere.  Every time I put on my business suit in the morning before my corporate job,  and then I have to put on my face sock and my helmet.  So my hair is so messed up by the time I get to work.  I don't look presentable.  And then I'm on then I'm on the freeway.  It's taking me forever.  And then a big truck just drives right over me entirely.  I'm under the truck.  I'm so sick of trucks driving over my car.  I used I for for many years, I drove my dad's old Mazda,  and it was like a 10 or 12 year old Mazda.  And once it started to overheat and I took it to a garage.  And like the next day, they called me and they're like,  you never want to hear a garage say like, I've never seen this before.  And the answer was pieces of the engine are like breaking off  and going through the transmissions.  Oh, it was like a total freak thing.  The car is eating itself.  Yeah, the car.  The car was eating itself.  It's like a mater had eaten his own like blood or something. Yeah.  Well, you got to try everything once in life.  I'm going to eat my own ass.  I just get her done.  Oh, shoot.  Now I don't exist anymore.  I ate it myself out of living.  The summer before I was driving it, I just filled it up with gas.  And as I'm driving, I start to smell gas.  And I watched the gas tank meter slowly go down.  And did you have a leak in the gas?  It was there was a leak in the fuel line.  And I took I took it to the to a garage.  And the guy very similarly was like, wow,  I don't normally smell the smell of gasoline working around cars as much.  But I can really smell gasoline.  Like you're driving a jug heads jalopy around town.  Basically, here's what the car is drinking its own gasoline.  The car is a junkie and it's trying to get high.  So it's literally getting high up.  Well, here's the question.  Is gasoline a car's pee or is I guess?  Oh, Mike, we don't have time for this discussion.  I think we have a lot of time for this.  I'm putting some coffee on.  Nobody's leaving until we figure out if part two is K1 speed part two  in a sec coming in a second.  It is gasoline pee.  Find out in part two.  What a tease.  I think it's like fresh water, like you'd get in a can of liquid death.  P is or no gasoline.  OK, cars got a hydrate.  You want your car to be better than a go car and you want your  sparkling water to be better than than pee or gasoline.  Liquid death does have a piss flavor.  But it's a little extreme, though.  It's sort of an extreme brand.  So like they're going to have a little some people.  And once again, I'm not shaming some people might like drinking a big glass of pee.  That's right. A tall boy of pee, please.  I say when I go out on the town, I don't care.  So, yeah, so what if we missed?  We got we got to that is guess.  Well, we didn't. We opened up the question of is the cars.  We we left a cliffhanger for the audience.  Yeah, we did.  Started to open it up like Mike on a straight away behind a decommissioned  NASCAR car.  We agreed that we're all going to race in the desert in real supercharged cars,  including Jason.  Well, man yells at us. Yes.  And other than that, we realized today that teens can be nice.  That's the takeaway, everybody.  I mean, we talked about about fast cars and driving and stuff.  But the real takeaway from this entire episode is that teens can teens  can actually be nice. Teens can be nice.  And they they deserve a cup.  They do their own cup.  It's hard being a teen.  It is. I was it was hard for me to be a teen in a lot of ways.  Not always easier would have been if you'd gotten a cup.  If I had a cup, if I if I proudly walked into my junior high  with a cup raised over my head, I'm sure everyone would have been  so pleased to see it and treated me better than they had been.  I mean, but then in the contrary, if you walked into your home  with a cup over your head, your mother probably would have took that cup  and disposed of it immediately because having a cup over your head  could be very dangerous.  Yeah. If you were too weak to hold the cup and you dropped it on your head,  giving yourself a concussion.  Base is very heavy.  Yeah, that's a very good point.  I would have had to hide the cup from my mother for many reasons.  Well, you won the teen cup.  Your mom must be so proud.  Uh, well, it's complicated.  I would have had to say that the couple I won before being like  it was not from go-karts.  It was from like being the the handsomest teen or something.  But then I couldn't have shown her the actual cup.  I'd have to show her like a picture of what it would have looked like.  Now, the cup is medium sized, right?  Not big enough to fit over your head.  Right. Yeah, yeah, right.  Yeah, you literally almost can drink from it.  It's like a drinking glass.  Yeah, it's a small, it's handsome.  But it says handsomest teen on the bottom.  Why would they give you a big cup to fit over your head  if you're the handsomest teen?  It might fall over your head and then nobody could see how handsome you are.  Well, that's I don't know.  I have to talk about I'll talk about the head of the Teen Cup  organization who hands out these awards.  Hey, listen, this was a blast.  Thank you. Thank you for bringing.  Thank you for mainly for surviving our topic selection process.  Right. We could be here as part of the show.  Yeah. Well, once you know, once you get that's like that first lap  where you're just like getting your bearings.  But then when then once you hit a straight away,  then it's nothing but fun. Right. Right.  No, you're right. Right.  Honestly, I am happy that this allowed you two both to experience  go kart racing for the very first time.  You have thrown me.  At soon to be 38, I have as I have done the mainly child  and teen sport go karting now, and it's all thanks to you, Ronnie Adrian.  I survived doing that and you survived podcast the ride.  Thanks. Thanks so much for being here.  And let's exit through the gift shop.  Is there anything you'd like to plug?  No. I mean, well, I mean, bones, Adrian.  That's what you get some Instagram.  That's also on Twitter or whatnot.  And, you know, Instagram mostly is if I was doing something,  that's where you would find out. Sure.  As the place to keep it tuned for future things to plug.  Well, yeah, so fun having you.  And as for us, hey, next week is the beginning of podcast  the ride sin city nights.  We head to Vegas next week.  So I hope everybody's excited for that.  And that, of course, means that coming up very soon is podcast  the ride's big Vegas groove blender with Eva Anderson.  You can come see that in person in Las Vegas, or you can watch the live stream,  which you can find at the space LV dot com.  And besides all that, there's there's, as always, the Patreon  for three bonus episodes a month podcast the ride, the second gate,  Patreon dot com slash podcast the ride.  And I just this is a quick I didn't want to derail us  because we were kind of on our way out the door.  But I do want people to know that the owner of this of K1.  Yeah, is a former  NASCAR or clearly I don't know NASCAR versus Formula One,  but a former driver named Boris Said.  So that might be if you're getting legit racing thrills out of this place,  that might be why you got a real racer at the head of the organization.  But I I'd have to say that he did.  Unfortunately, he did get into a heated incident  with Greg Biffle at the 2011 Hell of a Good Sour Cream Dips at the Glenn.  What did you just say?  Well, the Boris Said, the owner of K1 Speed,  got into a heated incident with Greg Biffle at the 2011  Hell of a Good Sour Cream Dips at the Glenn.  Are you not a hell of a good man, Michael?  Now, have you heard it yet?  Do you know? I know.  I assumed it was a brand, especially by the exclamation point in the name of the  it's a weird thing to name a race.  I don't even see the part in the race title where it says, you know, race.  It just says hell of a good the 2011 hell of a good sour cream dips.  So sour cream. It's the brand of sour cream.  It's the brand of tips, I think.  It's a party. Yes. It's OK.  I mean, well, it probably wasn't even his fault because I could.  I know Greg Biffle and he I know he's a real hothead.  So, OK, yeah, Greg Biffle can be a real hothead sometimes.  You know what? I'm going to quote. You're not wrong.  I'm going to quote Boris Said and say, I'm upset with Greg Biffle.  He's the most unprofessional little scaredy cat I've ever seen in my life.  He won't even find me like a man.  If someone texts me his address, I'll go see him Wednesday at his house  and show him what he really needs.  He needs a frickin whooping and I'm going to give it to him.  Totally unprofessional. Wow. Right.  It was right. You you sensed he knew you know, it's Greg Biffle, though.  So it's not surprising. Yeah.  You know, I don't know him personally, but I just know of him.  You've heard the reputation. Yeah.  I know about Biffle. Yeah. Biffle needs a whooping.  I don't know if it ever happened.  Yeah, those are podcast to ride shirts.  Biffle needs a whooping.  On sale ceiling for those.  It's so popular.  And and, you know, for just doing wrap ups, unfortunately,  the former Racers Edge did not hit their funding goal  on fundable for the Burbank Lasertron.  We never saw the Burbank Lasertron.  How close did they get?  It doesn't say doesn't say just that they're no longer taking donations.  Well, now, everybody who didn't donate needs a whooping.  They need a whooping to there's too many whoopens to go around.  Oh, I'm ending this episode so mad.  I'm angry too. Let's all go get whooping.  I'm mad, yeah.  This has been a Forever Dog Production, executive produced by Mike Carlson,  Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.com  and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter  and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.