 Forever.  Dog.  Warning!  The following live podcast was booked before we knew what temperature it would be.  If you need somewhere to cool down, please climb inside the Mirage Volcano.  If anyone here pre-gamed at a certain magician's restaurant, this venue may soon become a deadly  hotbox of kablip farts.  One of the hosts might leave the show after 15 minutes because he booked an extra loud,  extra douchey VIP cabana at Wet Republic.  Now live from the space Las Vegas just off the strip, it's Podcast the Right's Big Vegas  Groove Blender!  That theme song fucking slaps and I wrote it!  That's right!  Take it!  I'm like Steven Seagal with that screenplay.  I just heard the fucking jamminest song ever.  You did, you wrote the song.  No, no, you're supposed to ask me.  Wait, so who wrote that theme song?  I did.  Alright.  Take the win.  Take the win.  You did it.  And you know what?  All of you guys take the win as well because you were crazy enough to come to Las Vegas  for Podcast the Ride.  Oh my god!  Thank you.  You guys!  You came, we came, we're all insane.  Yeah.  I'm so thrilled to be in this insane room.  Welcome to Podcast the Ride.  I'm going to say for this moment a phrase I've been waiting to say for so long.  Welcome to Podcast the Ride's Big Vegas.  Groove Blender!  Wow!  Incredible airbrush art.  Befitting Camel Cigarettes in 1997.  So classy.  I should say by the way, Podcast the Ride, a show hosted by three justice advocates who  said we will never do a show in Las Vegas until there is a warrant issued in the case  of Tupac Shakur.  They got it done!  They did do it, yeah.  Right before, right on time.  All they had to do was pull this whole thing.  Yeah, we were waiting for the police to do something.  Finally!  We're back on board.  25 years, but they got it.  Thanks!  Please!  My name is Scott Gardner.  Hi everybody.  So good to see you.  Down the line?  Yeah, I'm Jason Sheridan.  Thank you.  Mike Carlson, nice to meet you.  Wow.  I don't think we should be done with applause because I'm going to ask for applause that  will answer some questions that I have.  Who, by round of applause, Las Vegas locals?  Not bad.  Like 25 people.  Wow, wow, that's pretty good.  Who traveled for this?  Who traveled to be here?  Yeah!  Wow.  Incredible, incredible.  Thank you.  It's so honored, so honored that you would.  That cost money.  That's a whole thing to do.  And you also had to explain to people in your lives.  Oh, you got an insert to Suleik?  No.  Not that.  Garth Brooks, perhaps?  No.  They talked about him once.  They talked about when he put a wig on.  By the way, Jason.  Oh yeah.  Show it off.  You know, Garth is on stage a couple miles away.  It's Caesar's.  And I just, you know, wanted to pay tribute to him as we're also treading the boards.  We're performers, brothers.  What?  And that's theatrical arts.  You're saying we're like Garth.  I'm saying all of us.  The three of us, Garth.  Yeah.  We just want to put on a nice show for the wonderful people.  Yes, that's right.  You're right.  Now let's change into our alter ego costumes.  Soul Patches out, everyone.  No, this is so incredible and that everybody would make the effort here.  I, Jason, I think you had some odds and ends you wanted to take care of here at the time.  Oh yeah.  I got into some Sin City Nights hijinks in the last few days.  Who's listened to the MGM Grand Adventure episode?  Thank you so much.  So, Jane and I just got approved for an apartment together.  Very exciting.  And, you know, we got to a point, the point where they're like, oh, can you please send  a federal tax return?  And I...  Federal tax return?  Well, just send a tax return.  We just need proof of income, you know?  Okay, gotcha, gotcha.  And I had just cleaned off my desktop of my laptop for the first time in ages.  And I had two PDFs on there and one was indeed a federal tax return.  Unfortunately, they were very nice about this, but I sent them something and they're like,  hey, I think you sent the wrong thing.  That is not a tax return.  And what I sent them was a PDF titled Apocalypse Now MGM Grand Theme Park Concept Storyline.  Which, if you haven't heard it, is something we were passed privately by a listener.  There was a proposal for an Apocalypse Now boat ride that was going to be very close  to here.  It could have been there.  It could have saved the whole thing.  Maybe the show would be happening at the MGM, at the King Louis Theater or whatever the  hell it was.  Were the labels of the files similar?  No, I'm telling you, I just had two PDFs on the desktop and I dragged...  And you closed your eyes and guessed.  I dragged and dropped.  It got me in trouble and, you know, it hit send.  How far do you think they got?  The building manager got into reading the proposal and was like, this dark ride wouldn't  have worked.  I'm not letting this guy have an apartment.  You know, I watched some of it on YouTube and they did use some of that proposal, but  Apocalypse Now, what were they thinking?  But you got approved despite...  We didn't approve despite that.  Yeah, this didn't kill the entire thing.  You sent the real thing.  We didn't approve despite that.  Alright, great.  My other piece of business involves this shirt.  Oh!  Because...  I'm not taking it off.  He took his shirt off at the last live show.  Last live show we did.  Well, maybe I should change my rule there.  Yeah, take it off if you want.  It's very hot out.  I thought, oh, I'll just get like a bootleg one and I found one on Etsy and what I got  was like the most like fucked up bootleg I've ever seen.  Oh no!  The bootleg has wrinkles.  There's a spot you can see where the decal stuck.  One side of the decal stuck to the other and when I opened it, it made a disconcerting  noise.  And this is already like a tent.  The shirt screamed when you opened it.  Yeah.  It looks like Chris Gaines, Garth Brooks says Chris Gaines has a bunch of scars all over  his face.  And the mythology of Garth Brooks alter ego Chris Gaines, if you didn't hear it in our  episode is that he was in a terrible car accident.  So finally, Chris Gaines is as ugly as Garth Brooks thinks he is.  Yeah.  Can I ask a question?  So you, wait, so you bought this first and then you went not good enough.  Not good enough.  I need to go to respectable bootlegger T-Public, your home for the finest bootlegs and also  podcast merchandise around.  Yes, I see a few.  There are some here.  What's your plan with the shirt?  So my plan with the shirt is there someone here tonight who posted in our Facebook group,  my wife and I are celebrating our anniversary in Vegas and it'll be fun to come to this  show.  Oh, yeah.  Well, well, happy anniversary.  Come on up.  You got it.  So wait, wait, wait.  So you're giving.  Happy anniversary.  Two people, one shirt.  One shirt.  To the prize.  You can pass it back and forth.  Happy anniversary from me.  Here, so somebody, do you have a phone?  You want to take a photo with Jason or all three of us, I guess?  No, you know what?  Just Jason.  I just said, no, I don't want any partners.  This nasty shirt giveaway that he's planned.  I'll take the, you know what?  I'll take the photo.  Does anybody have the phone?  Yeah, here.  Don't you?  My phone's on the thing here.  Let's take this photo here.  OK.  OK.  This is more, this is for them to like raise on a flagpole is what they'll do.  Yeah, this is great.  Beautiful.  Wow.  Wow.  So congratulations, you crazy kids.  Thanks for coming out tonight.  Thanks so much.  What's your name?  Happy anniversary.  Mariana and Adam.  Awesome.  Happy anniversary.  Oh my gosh.  Fantastic.  Well, that's all my bullshit, so I'm going to head out.  You did your trash giveaway?  Jason's trash pile, which is a usual live segment now, I think.  Yeah.  Look, I can't guarantee that shirt is not made of discount vinyl siding and asbestos.  I can't say it is.  I can't say it isn't.  Just leave it outside.  Don't bring it inside your home.  Poison you all immediately.  Anyway, yes.  This is part of, we've considered this the centerpiece of our podcast, the Ride Sin City  Nights series.  And we're so happy we get to actually have a Sin City Night with all of you.  We also, this is only the second groove blender in Las Vegas history.  So we're making history tonight.  First one done by the good people at Camel Cigarettes.  And now we take the mantle.  We just had sword swallowers and live camels and blues brothers impersonators.  And guess what?  We got all that shit too.  It's all coming out.  You're going to see all of it.  There's so many camels backstage.  They gave us a discount.  But if we said, if you take 12, one will be free.  Imagine an amount of camels.  Double it.  Damn.  Now imagine a room that you think could fit that many camels.  Half it.  Half it.  Then put sword swallowers in there.  And the camels who haven't eaten today, they're hungry.  You can't, you gotta forgive them for swallowing the sword swallowers' swords.  Yeah.  You understand.  Yeah, yeah.  If you are a desperate camel.  Anyway, we're going to let them loose in hour six.  This is a 15 hour event.  I hope you're aware.  We're going.  We're going all night.  The live stream will cut off.  But you guys will be here for the real shit.  Hi everybody on the live stream, by the way.  Wow.  Hi to my parents.  I'm sorry I said shit.  More of that coming though.  Cause it's Vegas and we're getting a body.  But before we, if you can imagine a guest who is even better than blues brothers impersonators,  if that's even possible.  The real reason you guys are so lucky to be here tonight is for the guest that we have.  Somebody who, who we love very much.  One of our favorite folks in the world.  Somebody who's done all manner of bullshit that you could possibly do with podcasts the  ride except for participate in a live show.  And that ends tonight.  Please give the warmest of Las Vegas.  Eva Anderson.  Yeah.  Wow.  The best in the biz here for you.  I also have a shirt to reveal.  Oh boy.  Wow.  Race through New York.  Jimmy Fallon's race through New York.  Jimmy found that tonight.  Wow.  The real tonight rider.  But at the actual gift shop outside of the ride.  Wow.  Oh wait and what you were, we haven't talked to you so much about.  You were in Orlando.  I was in Orlando last month and I did buy this shirt there.  And I also bought a hat.  Wow.  What's the hat?  Oh the ride?  Yeah.  Just the same thing.  Glad you're supporting these mom and pops.  The best ride.  Which you, you said it was an oddly light day in the park.  Yes.  Our Uber driver told us it was because of the woke ideology.  That people weren't going to Universal.  Which has Harry Potter.  They should love that.  Yeah, it's like our Uber driver's like, yeah, there's no one going to any parks anymore  because of wokeness.  But I got the feeling too that the Uber driver was, she was like, I make off brand Disney  shirts and sell them on Etsy and no one's buying them anymore.  And I was like, does she make like bibbidi-bobbidi-wine?  Oh yeah.  Ooh, that stuff.  Like possibly.  Yeah.  But anyway, wokeness has made all the parks very, pretty normal, but a little bit empty.  But yeah, Universal was empty.  I'm trying to winify this with like Jimmy, Jimmy Cavagnon.  Savagnon rather.  I'm not sure.  That's a tough one to do.  If anyone thinks of one, shout it out.  Yeah.  Jimmy needs a, Jimmy needs a wine shirt.  Yeah.  But wait, also, but also the only ride that you waited for was, was this ride.  Because they force you to wait and watch a bunch of dumb clips.  I was so angry because we just walked onto everything else and then they force you.  Yeah, but you needed the context.  Did I?  Who is this Jimmy Fallon?  What does he do?  Tight pants?  What is this?  Oh, he just does like a song, but there's no punchline.  Who is Jack Parr?  I want to hear more about Jack.  Oh man.  Let's hear, let's take a seat.  We needn't.  All right.  Doot doot doot doot doot.  Sit down music.  Here we go.  Well, geez, Eva, you're in Las Vegas with us.  Oh my God.  Such a dream to have you here.  We got to ask you just about general, because you're a Vegas aficionado.  There's got to be fond memories from here.  What do you, what do you flash to when you think about great Vegas trips of your?  Of your?  I think we went, I think I actually, listening to that MGM episode, I think I went to the  park.  Like, but I don't remember doing anything there.  Yeah, when I was a kid, we would come here like every once in a while.  My dad and mom actually like performed at the Riviera like before I was born and the  circus circus.  So they had like old Vegas stuff they liked, which is all, except for the circus circus,  which is like very well preserved.  It's mostly gone now.  We would say the desert in a lot, which is gone.  But yeah.  Imploded.  That's an implosion, right?  Probably.  Yeah.  Pretty cool.  If you're a hotel and you didn't get imploded, something's wrong.  Yeah.  Means you didn't make a mark.  Yeah.  What would be the other option though?  Like brick by brick?  Somebody just hits it with a sledgehammer?  Yeah, like ten guys with sledgehammers.  Space laser.  Get that cooler.  That's cool.  That's awesome.  They could have all the knights from Excalibur come and like stab it.  Oh, awesome.  That's awesome too.  That's like a thousand cuts.  I worked on an Extreme Makeover Home Edition episode where a kid liked knights and so they  had the Medieval Times knights come and like break their house down.  Really?  It really occurred?  Yeah.  It was a Medieval Times demolition.  But the thing was like, no, it wasn't the kid liked knights.  It was the dad was involved in like a group that was actually kind of a weird religious  cult that called themselves knights.  So bringing the actual literal knights, I don't think was the point.  They were like, we got to do it.  We booked the knights.  So the knights just showed up and they had swords and they just had maces.  And were they like, they had their color?  Like red knight, blue knight?  Yes.  But that night they were all-  It was in Connecticut somewhere.  That night though they were all unified for one purpose.  To destroy a house.  To destroy a little boy's house.  They had to keep like pushing the father out of frame.  It's like, I got to tell you about real knights, brother.  Wouldn't that be nice at a Medieval Times?  And they're like, you know what?  We're not fighting tonight.  We're all on the same team.  And then they just like, I don't know, they could sing or something.  Just sing like campfire songs?  Yeah.  Night songs.  Like fun night songs.  That'd be good.  That's like a, yeah, like the Hoop-Dee-Doo review.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Just kind of singing.  Knights have to sing something, right?  I would imagine.  There were night songs, of course.  There must have been night songs.  Oh yeah.  Let's turn the source.  I don't know that Old English is like in my wheelhouse.  Yeah, I know, but it's old-timey stuff.  Why do you want to look at him?  That's how little we know.  We conflate 1920s, ah-da-da-da-da-da-da with the 1400s.  You know, the Crusades, you know, the Crusades and the Frawley Sings the Old Ones.  That's all about the same time.  Yeah.  Birth of Jesus.  Basically the same year.  Okay.  Something I wanted to wait to ask until you were out here.  Did anyone in this audience, was anyone in this audience crazy enough to go to Chris  Angel's restaurant, Ka-Blipp?  Wow!  What?  Today?  God bless.  How was it?  What?  Wow.  Good reviews.  We got a Ka-Blipp shirt right here.  How many Italian ice flavors were there?  He didn't check it was breakfast.  It was breakfast.  Ah, didn't check it was breakfast.  Did you look in the magic room?  You looked in the magic room?  Oh, we do have somebody here.  Wait, you have a shirt.  Wow!  Oh, we have a Ka-Blipp shirt in the audience.  Show it off.  Wow!  Oh, it's the definition that ends with the shit.  There's a Star Wars crawl on the back of this one.  That's awesome.  Yeah, give everyone time to read.  Okay, okay.  You're going to be standing for a while now.  Yeah.  Did they put the animatronic back in the magic room?  It's still gone?  And the air conditioning is off.  It's 120 degrees.  What?  Oh, we have Dizon today.  Different reports.  Okay.  Yesterday.  Wait, the whole restaurant, it was off?  Oh, just the magic room.  Oh my God.  See, wait, see, if you booked the private special room, your treat is a lack of air  conditioning.  So you couldn't eat Italian ice in there.  It would melt immediately.  It would become Italian liquid very quickly.  Are there still the temporary refrigerators behind?  Yes.  Yes?  It's been two and a half years.  This is crazy.  This was a solution for, because this restaurant, if you haven't heard all this, I'm talking  to my parents.  This is too much to explain.  Guys.  Wait, there's another Kaboom shirt there.  Wow, there's a lot of Kaboom.  Please.  Wow, well, we know we're in our element.  The magician, Chris Angel, opened a restaurant which was fraught with problems.  They ran out of food within the first day.  Seems like something you should plan for when opening a restaurant to continue to have enough  food.  And there was also no way to refrigerate the food.  So now the parking lot, which is very small, has to be mostly filled with big exterior  air conditioning units.  Refrigerators, yeah.  Wow.  So he was storing the meat in the parking lot?  Yes.  Yes.  So if somebody wants a hamburger and they don't have meat in the kitchen, somebody has  to go out into the parking lot, open up a freezer, and pull a bunch of beef.  Yes.  And it's still going on?  That's bad.  And there's a system that worked for us.  There's only a few parking spaces, but most of them are reserved for him.  How many are reserved for him?  Like more than one, I think.  There's one that's very much for him, and then there's like a mural of him being cool  by his parking space.  Well, that makes sense.  So you just get the feeling that if you were to block it, that that would be an issue.  If you had a big tall car and it got in the way of his cool dirt bike painting, he'd  probably be pissed if he came in.  When do you guys think the last time he was there was?  Like how many months has it been since he visited his own restaurant?  That's what they said?  Whoa.  Oh my God.  Wait, live where?  In the city where it is?  In Overton?  He goes?  He will walk by.  I wear camel pants sometimes.  We just revealed that on the Ronnie Adrian episode.  I'm like, Chris, it's cool.  You're as cool as Chris Angel.  Yeah.  Well, Chris aren't working if she can see him.  That's great.  He's there like multiple times a week, it sounds like.  Oh, that's a month.  Wow.  That's like 12 times a year.  It's more than I thought.  I thought he had abandoned it.  It seemed like, to us, like he has lost interest in this endeavor.  So it's really exciting to know that the CA of Ka-Blip is still in Ka-Blip.  I do like the arrangement of these like freezer giant temporary freezer things.  It's very much like the school music teacher who gets shunted to like a modular trailer.  And it's like, it was supposed to be for six months, I've been here for three years.  But that's like the all-American burger is in there.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Wow.  Geez.  Okay.  Well, glad to hear that it's thriving.  You're not making time for it.  You've had a note.  You've been to Ka-Blip three times, is that correct?  Twice, but I don't think I should do a third one.  It's diminishing returns, I feel like.  I've gotten everything I'll ever get in my life from Ka-Blip.  I think so.  Yes, magic room.  Not food poisoning.  You survived.  Yeah.  And also, we didn't sit at the love table, but it's fine.  Okay.  Okay.  Yeah, yeah.  Well, so not fitting that in, but we are so glad you came here and made time for us.  And especially because there's something that I think Merit's talking about tonight, a premise  that is in the show a lot that I think is especially associated with you.  And that is this premise of guys.  This is something that we talk about a lot.  And we text about it a little bit.  We assess who is a guy.  Let's explain for my parents or for anybody who doesn't know, the concept of a guy.  It's a little bit hard to grasp, I guess, or hard to define what makes a guy.  But do you have a starting point?  I have my ideas, but is there any definition to a guy you'd like to provide?  Well, I feel like guys aren't...  The important thing is that they're not monsters.  They're not pure monsters.  They have a lot of...  Ambition?  Ambition and power.  There's often a lot of power.  Sometimes not a lot of power.  They're single-minded.  They're maniacs.  But there's a whimsical element or something where you can be like, that one's my favorite.  Well, you can't do that with a warlord.  Or a genocide guy.  If your thing is killing lots of people yearly, you're probably not a guy.  But if you're...  You wish.  But if your thing is starting some ill-advised restaurant or business or theme park, and  you have boundless money and boundless ambition, and you are so driven by your own odd obsessions  to never take no for an answer, and if that requires you to have to live in a different  reality than the reality that we all have chosen to live in, then so be it.  We love and we celebrate these people on the show.  I was just going to say, we celebrate the concept of the guy.  Much like the Hall of Presidents says they celebrate the concept.  And for some reason, when they put the Trump robot in, that's when the change was made.  They stopped saying we celebrate the president.  They necessarily endorse specific deeds, but the concept of a guy...  The idea, I think, of the president maybe is the particular language.  If it wasn't for basically the insane-est of insane rich people who are mildly benevolent,  sometimes, if we're lucky, we probably would not have half of the things that we talk about  on the show, and we certainly would not have Las Vegas.  This place is teaming with guys, always has been...  I think it was set up as a place to house guys, as a safe harbor for guys, for insane  maniacs to build things and then tear them down two years later and an insane-er thing  comes up in its place.  A sandbox for guys.  A sandbox for guys, yep.  And we're just crawling through it, I guess.  We're just little worms in the sand.  We're just a bunch of worms.  But anyway, with that and knowing your fondness for guys, we wanted that to be kind of the  focus of tonight's show.  And not just specifically, not just guys in general, but being that we are in a gaming  town, I thought that we could have fun tonight and play a little game, a game called Guy  Roulette.  If you'll excuse me, I am going to now reveal...  It should say Guy Roulette on the screen.  Oh yeah, if we could switch over to our screen to look at the Guy Roulette art.  But as we do so, let me reveal the Guy Roulette wheel!  Wow!  Look at that.  So many weirdos on this thing.  Our betters!  Yes, yeah, yeah.  Due to having more money than us, our betters, yes.  Let's take it in.  And I'm going to set it up right here.  The wheel of guys, Guy Roulette.  And basically what we have here is six guys who are especially associated with Las Vegas.  You might recognize some, you might not recognize some.  But we're going to learn about all of them, or at least the ones that we land on by spending.  We've also got the Mystery Wedge.  We'll see what happens when we land on the Mystery Wedge.  Here's the issue though.  We're excited to talk about these guys.  I was excited to pull the wheel out.  But there's one thing that we are no good at, and that's spinning!  We don't know how!  Our fingers cannot grasp the wheel!  I can't!  It hurt, I tried and it hurt.  Yes, we all rehearsed it.  All straight to the hospital for hours before this.  So if anybody here feels strong-armed enough, strong-willed enough to come up and spin the Guy Roulette wheel.  And I'm going to add a caveat to that also.  Just for this first one at least.  If anybody who came from two states over, if you traveled from a long way.  Your end went up first, sir, who was also at Kaplip.  I feel like you earned it.  Come on up, sir.  I've done a lot of traveling.  And we'll have multiple chances here.  Yes, jump up here.  You can walk over on the side.  Oh boy, thank God.  We have some ringer spinners with us here.  That's a great shirt.  You can join me up here.  Oh yes, indeed.  Really good shirt.  What's your name, sir?  Kevin.  Kevin.  Thank you so much.  Oh, and where'd you come in from?  Alaska.  Oh my God!  Geez.  That's far.  Wow.  Oh my God.  That's incredible.  You're not just doing this and leaving, right?  I'm going to LA after this.  Oh geez.  Okay, okay.  We'll tour in the co.  Okay, so are you rooting for any particular guys?  You may not recognize all the guys.  Does anybody catch your eye?  Any guys catch your eye?  Oh, it's going to be fun.  Let's see you win, Liberace.  Yes, a couple of previews.  But, you know, only chance can tell us where we land.  Go ahead and spin the wheel of guys.  Lady Luck tonight.  Will she smile upon us?  Or will Lady Luck turn over a card we don't want?  Ooh, okay.  This is Vince Cadlubic.  Vince Cadlubic.  We will explain who Vince Cadlubic is, but first we're going to say goodbye to you, Kevin.  But before you go, please take a parting gift, which is a loose camel cigarette from the  silver tray of loose camel cigarettes.  Thank you so much for playing.  I'll just leave it up here, I suppose.  Please do not smoke inside.  Yes, do not smoke in the venue.  We're having fun, but do not smoke in the venue.  No nuts outside.  They have rules at the Space Las Vegas.  It's the space, not flavor country.  Okay?  Eva, this is one that you've brought to the table for us.  Would you like to tell us who Vince Cadlubic is?  Okay, so Vince Cadlubic, I'll make this fast, is the former CEO of Meow Wolf.  We love Meow Wolf, it's great.  But Vince Cadlubic had the crazy thing where he was the one who thought of the idea to  ask George R.R. Martin, his boss at the movie theater, for $8 million to build a multidimensional  house, and he said yes.  And then he made Meow Wolf.  His boss at the movie theater?  Yeah, he owned a movie theater.  Wow, I didn't know that.  At that point, George R.R. Martin had gotten really, really rich, and he owned a lot of  And Vince Cadlubic was like, can I have all this money?  He was like, sure, I'll write a check.  So he made Meow Wolf.  So this is because in 2018, I saw him give a keynote address at a conference about immersive  design.  And this was basically people talking about how to market your escape room or how to create  different sort of interesting theme park and immersive concepts.  He did the keynote.  And it went off the rails wildly, and I have a transcript of some of the stuff he said.  So halfway through the thing, he just draws, he shows us this, I'll just describe it.  He had a gray circle with a purple circle inside it, and he says the gray circle is  reality, and the purple circle is sub-natural reality.  And he's like, this is a diagram I created, so that's nature, and that's natural reality,  and that's a sub-natural reality.  And I'm talking about, that's like streets and buildings, and you have to go to court.  And let's say this is like the sub-nature, the alt-nature predominant reality, and so  there's red circles that he draws inside.  And that's like Disneyland.  Disneyland's not like court.  Disneyland's different than court.  So these are the alternative natures of reality.  So basically, this is Disneyland, like that Panasonic thing you did for Southwest Airlines  or whatever.  These are all these little tiny realities that exist inside the context of the sub-nature  of reality.  And the question is, I guess, is how can we do this?  And then he, there's the next slide, and the red has gone slightly inside the purple but  outside the gray.  And he's like, he kind of points at that.  That all attracts to me.  That is what things are like.  He's like, how can we do this?  Because if we can do that, then we get to have a new system of those sub-natural laws  and some natural economies.  Because right now, like the laws of economy here, not working.  Not working.  This is like George Lucas trying to explain what the wills are.  Yeah.  Like, I'm not sure what you mean, George.  So then he spins out into his concept, which is just a kind of like a Bitcoin, but it's  for people who juggle.  Jog coin?  Yeah.  He calls it creative coin.  And he's like, and here's my next slide, and it's completely black.  He's like, you can't see anything because I'm just going to explain it to you.  He's like, you go to the store, you have your phone, you find out this guy's good at juggling,  and you give him some creative coin.  And that's how, so basically his pitch was that by making Meow Wolf, which we all love,  he was going to change the entire world's economy to Meow Wolves.  Anyway, two years later.  So if you can juggle, you're more likely to become a multimillionaire in creative coin.  Were you going to tip?  Like if you're going on the street, someone's like a bucket drummer, you could tip them  in crypto?  Okay, so I'm in a grocery store and I get notified that there's a bagger, I think it  gets like 50 cents an hour to bag groceries, but they have like 75 star ratings on our  system.  So I'm going to go and check them out.  So I go to the line, I check them out.  I like flick them a little bit of my creative coin.  So he's like, I'm also part of that network starts juggling my apples.  Wait, wait, wait, hold on.  And then he's like, oh, I only have a minute left.  And then they, anyways, I said former CEO because like he was out very soon after I  saw this thing.  But I just found him to be like fun whimsical.  And it's just a complete maniac.  Yes, not, seemingly not a nefarious person, but just a guy with some very strange ideas.  Redoing the world's economy to make it all meow wolves.  A man who doesn't use a period when talking.  Yeah.  Just a run out of sentence.  Why do we need those?  What if we got rid of those?  What if the census could go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on  and on?  You say former CEO, not part of mail off anymore, maybe advisors or something, but that's not  his day to day.  And I started wondering what is this guy done since?  What has he gone on to do?  Because he wanted to focus on other endeavors.  And I discovered that the other endeavor that he is now focused on is a supplement that  boosts creativity.  What?  Sounds like a real thing.  Sounds non-scammy to me.  It is called the imagination pill.  Oh man.  What if all it took was just an imagination pill?  We'd all be rich in creative coin.  That is what Michael Jackson was taking.  Let's be honest.  I'm sorry.  That's what Conrad Murray was giving us.  That is what Conrad Murray was describing to Michael Jackson.  Doctor, more imagination pills please.  You can't handle any more, son.  You can't.  Each bottle is only $60.  All you need to do is take five a day.  Well, how many is in the bottle though?  500?  It's a month's supply.  So 30 times 5.  So it's the heaviest bottle you've ever felt.  150 pills?  Do you have the chemical makeup of these pills?  It's fucking vitamin B and ginseng.  It's everything that's in all the scam pills.  It's sub-reality.  It's the thing that's called something called mean pills on Alex Jones and it's called  lovely pills on Gwyneth Paltrow's group.  And then it's imagination pills for B vitamins basically.  And good boy pills coming soon to our store.  They're under your chairs right now.  We have browbee tea public too.  Well, they just added tie-dye t-shirts and now they're doing supplements.  Yeah, tea public should do supplements.  That's true.  I think we're ready for the next guy.  Let's see some...  Somebody else who came from a long ways away.  Your hand right there is first.  Blue shirt, come on up.  While she comes up, can I say that the imagination powder on the web...  The power of the imagination.  Not powder.  There's quotes about the power of imagination.  One that is attributed to Albert F. Einstein.  And then the other...  Does it say F?  I'm so creative I spelled a swear word with asterisks.  And then there's another one.  I take the imagination pill on a daily basis and it keeps me motivated.  Quote attributed to Vince Cadlubic, founder and director of Meowl.  So his own quote.  Hello, welcome.  Thanks for making it out.  Oh my God, what a shirt.  Eisner Wells, 1984.  Nice.  For Eisner and Wells.  Thanks for coming.  What's your name?  Where did you come from?  Wow, that's far.  Incredible.  Geez.  I'm so honored you traveled for that.  What else are you doing while you're in town?  We got in yesterday and we leave tomorrow.  Oh wow.  The pure pit, the purest of pure.  Only for us.  Well, I hope we're going to give you some fun here.  It's going to help that you get to do a little special turn on the wheel of guys.  Go ahead and give it a spin.  Okay.  This is exciting.  There really should be, the guys should be talking.  Like each one should have their own little sound bite.  Next time we do the wheel of guys we'll do that.  Ooh, this is Zach Bagans.  Zach Bagans.  Ooh, we got a cheer for Zach Bagans.  So we'll get into the Zach Bagans stuff.  Melissa, thanks for coming in from Little Rock.  Go ahead and take Lucy there.  Thanks.  A hand for Melissa.  Thank you.  Thank you so much for coming in.  Thank you, Melissa.  Incredible.  Okay, this is another Eva special.  But it seems like some people are aware of this guy and maybe have done his Las Vegas  attraction, Zach Bagans Haunted Museum.  Yes.  Some fans.  Sure, yes.  Good idea.  I'm going to have to learn some stuff.  They're not going to go to a haunted museum.  Well, yes.  These two.  Oh, I'm a coward.  Yeah, well, look, there was already, because when we were here last year and we went to  Kblip together, the whole group then went to Zach Bagans Haunted Museum.  And a couple of things happened.  I was looking at a waiver that was the scariest waiver with the scariest fonts in a waiver  I've ever seen.  So some of it was being cowardly, yes.  But also, we'd just done our New York show and I was like, hmm, thing that says that  they're not responsible if I die or a nap.  Ooh, perhaps the nap.  Thinking like Jason.  I put my Jason cap on.  I don't regret my choice, but I'm going to have to catch up about Zach Bagans if we do  it.  What can you tell us about Zach and the Haunted Museum?  Okay, he's a travel show host.  He bought one of the Manson houses.  He bought the house in Vegas and says it's haunted because according to the tour, it  scared Tracy Lord's brother.  But not Tracy Lord.  She's unshakable.  She got a lot of scary texts from her brother who, yeah, you get to read the text between  her and her brother as part of the museum.  Ooh, texts about something scary.  Nice.  I just have a very specific thing about Zach Bagans I want to share.  When I went on this tour, about an hour into the tour, they took us into a room where they  had a part of the engine of the car that killed James Dean.  And the car was called the Little Bastard.  And they were going to reveal the Little Bastard.  And before they did, they showed us a documentary of clips of people talking about how dangerous  this car was.  It was cursed.  Everyone who rode in it, even after it killed James Dean, was hurt in some way.  Anyway, one of the talking heads in that documentary was my maternal grandfather, Bill Pollack.  What?  He passed away a few years ago, but he was a race car driver.  And he was like, yes, this car was definitely haunted.  And then he vanished.  And I was...  Did you know that clip was coming?  I'd never seen that clip before, and I did not know that clip was coming.  And I was also like with a bunch of like friends of ours who didn't know that was my grandfather.  So I just quietly went, that's my grandfather.  And then he was gone.  So after I got home, I emailed, and I was like, hey, your museum amazingly has this  clip of my deceased grandfather that I've never seen before.  Can you let me know?  We'd love to have it, like know where it's from.  And they emailed me back, Eva, I'm not sure who created that video.  Zach just had it done.  And then I sent a follow-up email going, okay.  And they just never responded after that.  So he's holding a family member of mine kind of hostage in the haunted museum.  You're just one of my trinkets now.  He might have access to like a longer form interview then.  That's why I was asking.  I feel like I'd love it, but they were just like, no.  So anyway, Zach's making...  Isn't some footage cut out of longer footage?  Not in this case.  Don't ask that question.  Also him saying like the car was haunted, it seems like he might have been like, I won't  say the car was haunted.  I'm a reasonable man.  We got it.  We got it.  We'll cut around him saying it's not haunted.  With editing, we can make anything work.  Wow.  That's weird.  Incredible.  There's crazy stuff in that museum, Dr. Kevorkian's death van.  They play the music that he composed that people would listen to as they died in the  van.  I know, he made his own music.  It's like pan flute music.  It's like...  Dr. Kevorkian played the pan flute?  He made music.  He was like Peter Pan?  The Kevorkian music is on YouTube, guys.  Look it up.  I don't know anything about that.  It makes me think a lot of weird thoughts about Kevorkian you've never thought before.  Wow.  Wow.  Is it good?  Do you like?  Is it better than that McGruff album?  Are you going to make a Kevorkian album?  Like a tribute album?  Maybe I do a couple of Kevorkian songs.  I don't know.  Mike the musical chameleon.  One day he's McGruff, one day he's Jack Kevorkian.  Hey Mike, just checking in.  How's your Kevorkian album?  I'm working on it!  Don't question me!  I didn't mean anything by that.  I'm sorry!  I know what you meant.  You keep asking me questions like that, maybe I'll have you sit in a van for a little while,  huh?  Oh, he's threatening me with a van again.  Gosh, I'm learning a lot tonight.  That's Zach Baggins, I think.  Let's see, who else would be excited to come up and spin the wheel?  We got a hand right there, sir.  Come on up.  To the left it seems like.  Does anybody live South America?  Did anybody come from South America?  South America.  Antarctica?  Antarctica?  Were you on a space shuttle until this show happened?  Does anyone have a parallel dimension?  Does anyone?  I'd have to give that person two cigarettes.  Yeah, if you worked space time to get here.  Hello sir, welcome!  Oh my god, excellent shirt, lost island theme park.  Is that a real place?  Yes, it's a theme park in Iowa, it goes way harder than it needs to.  There's like 20 walk around face characters, and there were maybe 50 people in the park, it's insane.  Oh, that's like a perfect scenario for us.  Eva, we texted about this once because you're like, I'm going to be near there later in the fall.  What do you think? Should I go? Do you think it's worth it?  And I said, Eva, it closes for the season this weekend.  Oh yeah.  Sounds good.  Seems like we should coordinate, seems like we should try to do it.  What's your name, where are you from?  Dick, I drove here from New York.  Oh my god!  This is nuts, the degree that people are, and drove.  Oh my gosh, and car made it, everything's good.  Great, excellent. What else are you doing in your town?  I was hoping to pick up some loosies.  Oh yes, hey, well perfect.  Hell yeah.  You're in the right spots.  Hell yeah, brother.  And luckily there's no way to not get them, except maybe if you knock the wheel over.  There's no wrong answer on the wheel, but let's go ahead and give it a spin.  Let's see where we land.  Oh boy. Clickety clack, clickety clack.  People really like your spin, I think.  People especially like your spin. It's a long one.  And click, and James Dolan.  James Dolan.  You picked the one we've been dying to have.  Boy, fantastic, fantastic spin.  You know what, you might as well.  Go for two, do two if you want to.  Do two if you want to.  Be careful stepping down.  So great to meet you.  And thank you for getting to the one we've been really waiting to get into.  Do we know who James Dolan is and why we're talking about him tonight?  Sphere!  Sphere!  Sphere!  Sphere! Sphere! Sphere! Sphere! Sphere! Sphere! Sphere!  Oh yes.  He is the man behind, we are all so sphere amped right now.  He's the man behind the Sphere, which if you don't know, it is the new gigantic, insane venue, concert venue that is coming to Las Vegas.  I was here last night, Scott. Can you, you asked me what I was up to last night because Scott wasn't here.  What did I tell you I was going to do?  Drive around, find a White Castle, and look at the Sphere.  And that's what I fucking did.  Wow.  Yeah.  You had texted us like within the last few weeks, I'm Sphere-pilled.  I am, I'm Sphere-pilled. I know everything about it.  Mike is Sphere-pilled, and especially now that he's seen it, if you don't know, Mom and Dad, this is, you're like a building.  What could be so cool about a building? I've seen buildings before.  This has projections on the outside of it that are so bonkers.  And it sounded bonkers before it got built, and now what we've seen is so much more bonkers than we could have imagined.  What was it like in person? What was it like? I haven't driven by it yet.  It was overwhelming. I didn't get to, I wanted to see the big eye, but it didn't turn into the big eye.  It's a lot of abstract designs and kind of just like crazy trippy graphics and light shows.  Screensavers shit.  Yeah, yeah. The world's biggest screensaver. It makes it, I like when it is a big basketball.  The big basketball is awesome.  That might be my favorite.  Yeah.  I think I'm going to weigh in and say that I don't like when it's a big eye.  I'm weirded out by the big eye. The entire building becomes just like the brightest screen you've ever seen in your life.  Should we have a picture?  Oh, yeah. Do we have it? Yeah, yeah. Oh, yes. Wait.  This is the eye.  And the context for this, Jason, you talked about this in an episode.  I really direct this to my dad because you're looking at the Wynn Golf Club.  As somebody pointed out on Twitter, one of the most expensive publicly accessible golf courses in America,  you pay north of $600 for one round at this place.  And now your view is the side of the biggest human eyeball in human history.  I hear that we call a value added proposition.  I like the eye.  OK. And I think it's because of how big it is.  If it was smaller, I would say the eye is gross.  But the sheer size of the eye, I have to like it.  Me? Yes, I do. I'm not saying one does.  I do have to enjoy the eye.  Who enjoys the eye?  It's not universal.  So maybe I'm in a minority here, but that's OK.  Who doesn't like the eye?  Wow. Are you booing the eye?  He's booing the eye.  I'm going to stand up and show you my problem.  If we're in the front, OK.  If we're in the back, neutral, it's just skin.  I don't know how I feel about just seeing a big block of skin.  But it's not so bad. It just looks like a tan design.  I don't know.  What if the hair is creepy?  Where's the eyebrow?  I don't know. It's been shaved, I think.  In space, I guess.  You see hints of hair above, I think.  It's like stubble eyebrow.  My problem is Squishy Town right here.  It's just too big.  That's bigger than a five-story building right there that is just pure eye squish.  It weirds me out.  Here's what would make it better if it cried a little bit.  You want to see the big eye cry?  I would like it even more than I already do if it would cry once every hour.  And water would pool under the big eye.  You want to swim in the eye crying?  You want to dance in the fountain of tears?  OK, we have to all agree that we would love to swim in the big eye's tears.  You want it to be like God crying at man's folly.  At the hubris of what has thou done?  If what you're saying is that I worship the spheres of my personal God, you are correct.  Does the sphere eye have a stigmatism?  It can if you program it.  Oh, OK.  That's one of the options. Yeah, yeah.  No, they can flip that on and off.  I mean, that'd be at the direction, I think, of James Dolan, ultimately.  And so James Dolan, the guy who this might be the biggest guy in Las Vegas currently in America currently.  James Dolan, if you don't know, a man with humble beginnings, he became CEO of the company Cablevision.  He worked his way all the way up from being just the lowly son of the owner.  And somehow managed to climb to the top of the Cablevision ladder.  So that's early HBO is what they are.  So it's original HBO money.  And now he owns Madison Square Garden, which means he's responsible for the Knicks and the Islanders and Radio City Music Hall.  The Rockettes. He's the guy who made the Rockettes perform at Trump's inauguration.  And there was something where they said like, he said, like, we got to listen to everybody right now.  And a Rockette said, you're asking us to tolerate intolerance?  And he was like, yeah, pretty much.  Yes, that sounds right.  He also runs AMC right now, which you might know as being one of the only cable entities without a good streaming plan.  There's no idea what they're doing.  They they recently fired 20 percent of their employees, massive layoffs AMC, partially, I think, because the sphere costs a lot of money.  He has been routing money from all these other businesses into the sphere.  So the point. Oh, good.  I was like Disneyland Paris. Yeah.  Yeah. We we lost all the great stuff at Disneyland because of the money problems of Disneyland Paris.  Oh, but except the opposite, because it's all going to build the greatest thing that ever.  Yes, but it's good this time. Yeah.  It's Disneyland Paris, but I don't care if I don't care if the Knicks suck as long as I get to see the fucking baby album front to back.  Would you give up like a Walking Dead spin off for the tears?  Yes, they could never make a show again.  Who needs shows? I don't care.  We need more spheres.  Of course, we in Burbank, we have a half sphere where the little sphere.  Yeah, yes.  Where they're they're, you know, testing the technology and filming stuff.  I drive by it. I go to that post office.  I go to that Del Taco and I drive by and I know magic is happening in there.  Just let Mike in, let Mike into the little sphere.  We drove by at five thirty this morning to get to the airport and magic was happening.  Double sphere day. Yeah. Yeah.  It's beautiful. So you're going Mike.  You're going to you'll be back here in October to see you too.  That's right. And we'll you know, we'll cover all of your sphere exploits.  Yes, sphere month I'll call it.  But any different aspects. Take a seat Halloween.  Yeah, by the way, no one cast the fright this year.  Our no Haunted Mansion episode pushed to next year.  Irrelevant. Who needs it? We have spheres now.  You leave your family. It's not that I have a sphere in my mansion.  It's big. I it's called big. I it's just about the big I outside.  Hey, come on. It's the year of the going man and the going dog.  Come on. Oh, for the Haunted Mansion.  I don't know if we'll get there, honestly.  That might be pushing it. That's the next thing that we get.  But we might have to do when we're on that decline.  The decline is going to be it's going to take up a lot of time to talk about it because there's a lot of stuff.  You're going back. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff that we need to talk about.  But I didn't see the trees. See, to me, that part of the ride is five seconds long.  But I guess you change your perspective on the ride in that moment.  You don't know when you're looking back. Yeah. Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah. That's going to take a lot of time. Yeah.  Because you got to talk about looking back and then and then when it ends and then you're not looking back anymore, especially we all start taking these imagination pills.  It's really got to make us think.  Give me enough imagination pills. Yeah. I'll do the incline episode for five hours.  The in on a homecast of right Haunted Mansion, the incline episode.  That's what it is. But you're you're excited about the sphere.  And if I think I was to I think I was to but the more that I've learned about the owner, James Dolan, the more that I'm just doubting his ability to pull this off.  First of all, incredible financial problems with this thing.  He's had to split things off into different companies like now it's here's MSG over here and now here's fear entertainment.  He's just being smart with his money. This is what business people do who are smarter than all of us.  Come on.  He I would say that his track record running the Knicks has been spotty.  Besides the questionable quality of the team in his time running it, there has also been a lot of things like using facial recognition to kick people out of Madison Square Garden.  Who said bad things about him? Yeah, let's talk about this for a second.  There is he is famous for kicking people out for the slightest bit of teasing.  Like there's footage online of him like walking, you know, on the court, like exiting and someone goes, so the team like that's it.  And he goes, what did you say?  So the team and he goes, OK, Justin, Justin, get him out of Justin, get him out of here.  And he like kicked him out because I feel like if you own a professional sports team, you hear, sell the team all the time.  I feel like that's part of the arrangement.  He also kicked out a fan for wearing a shirt that said Bandolin in a Knicks logo.  Fun. Are you OK?  Hold on. Yeah. Yeah.  By doing this segment of this podcast, am I going to be banned from the sphere?  Because let's cut the live stream right now.  I can't.  This is my question.  If someone walks around that area with a shirt that says, get the sphere out of here, are they like a dead man?  Like if they if he hears what you're saying, I'm not going to get to see Bono in a little devil's outfit saying ultraviolet light my way.  I need to see that with a big screen.  We're going to cut this is not going to.  This is going to be the only time you hear this.  I'm cutting this out of the broadcast going out live right now.  He's got vocal recognition software.  He's already heard it.  He can hear when anyone talks about him.  Oh, I'm going to walk up to this fear and the eyes going to close on me.  It was sharp.  I didn't even get to see the original Darren Aronofsky movie they're making for the sphere.  This sucks.  It costs fifty dollars to go to.  This is also part of the question is like you.  OK, you two plays incredible start.  Then what?  They haven't said one thing and it has to be a band that can has the money to make a bunch of fucking movies that are in like 19,000 K whatever resolution it takes for videos broadcastable at the sphere.  Yeah, I so I don't know.  So yeah, you're done.  You're not going episode canceled.  Halloween's back on.  When people heard that he was using facial recognition to kick people out of the garden, the state liquor authority said, hey, you know, if somewhere that serves liquor needs to be able to serve everyone, you can't just remove people that you don't like.  So we're going to look into revoking your liquor license.  No more liquor at Madison Square Garden.  He was asked about this on live television.  He said, that's fine.  I don't like to drink anyway.  You don't you because you don't you're how much money does that place make every single game.  A lot, a lot, but I think he's right.  Yeah.  But there's a moral victory wherever my camera is.  I got your back, buddy.  Right there.  I think there's a camera right there.  Got you.  Michael Carlson says you're right.  I'm going to keep putting you to the test on what you're going to sign off on and support James on.  I'm ready.  Because then what happened is the well, you know, that that threat of saying, hey, go ahead, take it away.  That didn't successfully get the liquor authority off his tail.  So he tailed the liquor authority.  He had a private investigator follow somebody from the liquor authority home.  Yeah, good.  Good.  Yeah.  Got to keep an eye out, I guess.  Good.  Good.  Yeah.  Once the once the guy was found, the private investigator, he had a knife.  He did have a knife.  He sent a man on a knife to follow a liquor man around.  OK.  Yeah.  People have knives.  It might not have been for that.  He maybe just had, you know, yeah, I was there.  Cut up some chicken later.  I wasn't there.  So anyways, but I'd say that the biggest thing I'm going to throw at you that you're going to have to support now, I guess.  OK.  Is James Dolan's music.  You're looking for a band to play the sphere.  I think you found it.  We got one in house.  We don't even need to hire anybody.  Look, it's just about getting through Bono in the edge so we can get to the real shit.  James Dolan's band, J.D.  and the Straight Shot.  I feel like Jason, I think you might have mentioned this band before and I foolishly did not go look into this immediately because as soon as you do, I mean, we were texting about this.  But they're basically they're kind of like a sort of country fried roots rock band.  They made seven albums.  So yeah, they're like I would say authentic is the word.  I would I would describe.  Yeah, you know, and well, it's clear.  Let's get a taste of their music.  We have a clip right here.  Let's see.  Yeah.  The live track.   This is the song Redemption Train.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah.  Oh, man.  Can barely see.  Pain and confusion weighing down on me.  One step ahead to step behind.  I do my best.  No peace can I find now.  I'm praying for salvation.  I'm praying for salvation.  Me.  For more time.  Me.  For more time.  And praying for forgiveness.  Praying for forgiveness.  Redemption train.  Don't be carrying me home.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Give it up.  Give it up.  Straight shot fans.  I think the mix was a little off.  It just wasn't.  Yeah.  Somebody behind the scenes made a couple errors.  Did you like James Dillon's choice of staring at the lyrics on the ground?  I was trying to figure out what his eye line was.  Yeah.  Jason's got his lyrics right here.  So that's OK.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  No, I guess I do too.  I guess he's one of us.  Yeah.  Well, I do have redemption song right here.  Go ahead.  Praying for salvation.  We were talking about a song.  He did a song that was kind of a like.  Like you better pray.  You better find you a church.  We have found a church.  Better find it.  He also did kind of like a both sides anthem.  The anthem we know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  We know.  The anthem we need right now.  Like why can't we all just say everybody's fuzzily feuding.  No more protests, please.  Of any kind.  They're all the same.  Just stop doing them all.  But I'd say the most notable.  Well, I mean, look, this guy does.  He does songs for the for the working man.  Just maybe I don't.  Yeah, I don't get it because I'm like, you know, I'm not out there on the on the rails.  Yeah, you're not working with my hands.  You're a Madison Avenue liberal.  That's what I would always say about Scott.  That's the way.  Yeah.  James and I are more kind of guys from, you know, salt to the earth.  Absolutely.  Well, that's the kind of stuff he writes about is just, you know, is like, you know,  working hard, working up a sweat and trying to keep warm under a fire.  And, you know, what in heck fire does a feller do when there's many,  many sexual assault allegations against against one of your best friends,  Harvey Weinstein?  Credit to our pal Brad Evans for discovering this song and alerting me to it.  Can you please play the next song?  This is his take on his buddy Harvey Weinstein.  We were friends, friends, talked for hours without it.  About his latest story, how to deal with fame and glory.  All the girls who adored him, catered to his every wish.  Nothing he could lose.  All he need to do was chew.  I should have known.  I should have known.  I should have thrown myself across his tracks.  Stopped him from these violent attacks.  I should have known.  We believed and didn't see through the lies he told us all.  That led him to his endless fall.  I should have known.  I should have known.  I hope that's it.  I really hope that's it.  Like, a perspective no one can relate to.  That you didn't stop your super successful friend from sexually assaulting thousands of women.  Look, we talked for many hours, but then I would get out of there before the girls arrived.  Honestly, I didn't even know what his dating deal was.  I've known him for 30 years, but we only had small talk in those times.  Mostly business stuff. Hollywood things and whatnot.  Personal affairs off the table. I honestly didn't care.  I'm excited to project this lyric video on the sphere.  Oh my god.  I was really excited to force an audience to see that.  Once it's in your brain, it's stuck in there.  I'm just glad he weighed in.  Because he had to.  What did he stolen got to say about this? When's he going to make a statement?  By the way, was this made on iMovie 2007?  What is this lyrics video? Is this a fan film?  Did I make this? No, I didn't make this.  He went through and asked 100 editors to make cool lyric videos.  And they all said, absolutely not.  Also funny, because several months before he put out this song, he was sued by seven women.  And the grounds of the lawsuit was that he knew.  That he did know.  Scott, did you hear the song though?  He didn't know.  He should have.  He would have thrown himself on the tracks if he did.  He didn't know. He said it in a song.  And across his tracks, would have gone to his house, jumped on the ground and hoped he tripped.  No one's ever lied in a song.  It's impossible. It's a pure expression.  Well, so I have my sphere concerns, I would say.  But I don't know. Maybe JD can get down to business making rights.  See, I don't know.  There's many options for what happens with the sphere.  It fails. It fails after two years. It fails after three years.  It could last, we don't know. We just don't know.  Four years.  It could be four.  We don't know.  Let me throw one out. Four and a half.  It could be four and a half. Just spitballing.  Real quick before we move on.  What would be your dream show in the sphere?  And I'm being sincere at this point.  No funny stuff for me.  What is a musical act? What is a sports show?  What is a surf show that you would want?  A sports show.  Yeah, well, I'd say a sports show.  I say sports show because the only sport I like is professional wrestling, which is a show.  Which WWE is supposedly talking to them about doing an event there.  Well, that could be good. That's good.  I mean, I think it's just so big.  Let's get the Knicks in there, but let's put them on wires too.  They've got to fly up 300 feet in the air and the projections, they have to hit a hoop 300 feet in the air with just like nightmarish seizure causing projections spinning around and around.  What they put Spider in in Avatar Way of Water.  They have to play in those.  Can you play if you can't play in a giant spider machine?  Right now in Las Vegas, there's a three day slam ball event happening.  Of course, we all know.  And we all know I know the owner of slam ball, which is true.  Oh, here he goes.  Well, on a future Las Vegas episode, I bring it up as well.  I should have known the owner of slam ball instead of R.B. Weinstein.  What you're talking about is more extreme though than slam ball.  They get they get air on slam ball, which is trampoline basketball.  But what you're talking about is like, what would you even call it?  Wireball?  Spiderball.  Spiderball.  Wow.  That's cool.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  They're on wires that are like webs.  And it's like, of course, the famous spider machine, a reference everybody understood when I said it and understand again.  That's great.  Eva, how many more references can I make to the spider machine?  Eva, what would you want to see in the sphere?  If you could race through New York.  It's already filmed. You can just do it.  Yeah. Good point.  Yeah.  Probably some night music.  Some medieval night music.  Night music.  Yeah.  I thought you meant the Sondheim musical.  Yeah.  Well, that's a good choice.  Sondheim at the sphere.  Seven the Clowns.  I'm just hung up on like even if the sphere like crashes and burns.  Literally.  He's got this musical talent that, you know, he did so much.  He sold his soul to the devil at the crossroads to get this musical talent.  So you're not answering my question?  There's like a laser show at Dollywood right now.  I think that would be really good in the giant sphere.  Right.  But lasers might be too powerful in the sphere.  They bounce around like a billion times.  Start hitting people in the eye.  Be careful.  So it's going to, so they're like,  Dolan will like get really morose about what he's done.  The power that he's just going to be looking like Sillian Murphy and Oppenheimer.  Like, oh no, what have I done?  There will be a Christopher Nolan movie about the sphere eventually.  I hope so.  Uh huh.  Uh huh.  Okay.  Now this is the point where we should have somebody up to spin,  but I think we might have to, you know, put our hand on the scales,  tip the scales a little bit.  I think I don't want too much time to pass before we go to the mystery wedge.  I click it over to the mystery wedge because I just really wanted to pump things up  to build the mystery and the anticipation for somebody who we could not be in Las Vegas  and not talk about.  And that is the great David Copperfield.  I mean, we're so excited.  We got to talk about, there he is.  There's the man.  I mean, okay.  So that's a question.  How many people while you're in town are seeing the David Copperfield show  or have already done it?  Oh my God.  I mean, a perfect doubleheader with us.  It's a show that we are obviously very passionate about.  All four of us have seen it and enjoyed it very much.  And for the uninitiated, for mom and dad,  you think that you're getting a David Copperfield magic show,  but there is a turn that happens where suddenly there is an incredible  extraterrestrial surprise.  And it's just one of the finest pieces of theater that you can see anywhere in the world.  And you got to see it here.  And I think it resonates probably with us, especially kind of for personal reasons.  Could I get that lighting cue, please?  You know, Mike, Jason and I, we never knew our fathers.  They were military men, all stationed on the same base, in fact.  And that's why we all know each other.  We all are all our dads who work together on a military base.  I don't know why I started getting a lot of echo here.  It's kind of cool. It kind of sets the stage.  Our fathers all work together in a special place, a mysterious place called Roswell.  And we never got to know our fathers very well.  We never got to tell them that we loved them.  We were all busy pursuing our dream of being the biggest podcasters in the world,  a dream that we obviously achieved.  But in all that, yes, the biggest. Yes, indeed.  But we never got to tell our fathers that we loved them, and it's a regret that we live with all the time.  However, our fathers did send us a special box.  Can we reveal the box?  Wow, look at that.  And so that's, this is all we have to remember our fathers by.  The trouble is we opened it. We opened it earlier today.  And if you turn to the other side, nothing inside, nothing inside the box.  It was then that we opened another thing that our fathers sent us from the past.  That was a letter, a letter that explained that something from the past could appear in the box  as long as everybody that we're doing it in front of looks to the back of the room right now.  Look over there. Look over there really fast.  Keep looking. Keep looking.  Where's my art already? Okay, okay. Okay, I need to look back now.  Wow, wait a minute. I think that there may be something now in the box.  My God. Okay, let's see.  Well, Mike, do you have a handle on it? Oh my.  What's in the box? Look in the box.  What's in the box?  What's in the box?  Wow. Oh.  Who is this? Oh.  Mike, wow. Mike, you okay? Did you hurt your back or something?  Yeah, I just hurt my back for a second. I'm just going to lean over for a while.  Okay, sure. Oh, no, sounds good. Whatever makes you comfortable. Oh my God.  Oh, hey. Oh, it's good to be here.  Wow. How about a hand? How about a hand for our little friend?  Who is this? What's your name, sir?  My name is Blue32.  Wow. Wow. Yeah.  You're the, wait, so the same one then? The same one from the Copperfield show?  Yeah, I'm the same one, but I also knew your dads.  Wow. Wow. Yeah.  You know, so many dads across the 21st century entertainment spectrum.  Dads love me. Dads are big fans of mine.  Oh, I mean, why dads specifically? Is it just something you have in common with a dad sensibility?  I'm a guys guy. What can I say?  Uh-huh. Despite being an alien, you're a guys guy in the way that an earthling would be a guys guy?  Yeah, I like to kick back and enjoy a cold root beer.  Oh, wow. Yeah, correct. Cold one.  Yeah. You know what? I can actually, I can smell that a little bit right now.  Yeah, I farted. That's part of the real show in case you didn't know.  Wow. Wow. Geez. Well, I mean, you're here with us tonight now, I guess.  Are you okay to be on Earth? Are you just going to be the fourth co-host now? What's the deal?  Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, I'm cool to be on Earth. I love Earth. I'm here to spread a very simple message.  Oh, what is it?  Love, Jason. Love could... Thank you.  Love could fix all the problems on Earth if you'd only listen. But you didn't.  You shunned me.  Wait, who didn't though? What do you mean?  You made fun of me. Scott, I'm talking.  Okay. You shunned me. You made fun of me.  We shunned you? Yeah.  Who shunned you? Everyone. And now because of that, I'm dying.  You're dying? Yeah.  I mean, look, I want to focus on that. I guess I should focus on that part of it and not...  But you're saying they shunned you? I think they just met you.  Every one of them. The one from Arkansas.  Oh, no!  The one from Alaska. The New York guy that was driving in a car.  Minutes ago, you said you were fine. And now you're dying.  The dying thing happened in real time. I realized in the moment I was dying.  You just started feeling it?  Yeah. You know when you feel like you're dying.  That's what I felt. Because you let me down, Jason.  How did... What did I do?  Your dad treated me so well when we were stationed together at Area 51.  In Roswell?  At Roswell, yeah.  Okay.  We used to sing the old ones together.  Oh, like William Frawley.  Yeah. He was stationed there too.  You're the one... You taught him the songs that Jason holds so dear?  I taught Jason's dad how to sing the old ones.  You taught my dad good night ladies?  We sang good night ladies, yeah. And he said,  Oh, one day I'm gonna have a son that's not gonna let you down.  And he was wrong.  Well, I'm sorry. I'm trying my best.  Yeah, that's what they all say.  I have a time stone, you guys.  You do?  Yeah.  Okay. Oh, okay. A time stone. That seems significant.  Oh, yeah. Thanks, Wade. He really is dying.  That's the first thing that got your eyes start flopping over.  And then you go, Oh, wow.  I'm just trying to show everyone what's going on.  Yeah.  My eyes are flopping over.  How realistic does this look up close? It's incredible.  It's like you're at the sphere.  What do you think of this sphere?  I think James Dolan's a great guy.  You too, huh?  The only man on earth who showed me love was James Dolan.  He wrote a song about me.  About you?  Yeah.  What did you do?  It's called the Time Stone Blues.  Do you want to sing us any of the Time Stone Blues?  I got the blues.  The Time Stone Blues.  And that's mostly the lyrics.  Yeah.  Sounds like the other Dolan songs.  What is the significance of the time stone for us here tonight?  Do we need to be worried about it?  Yes.  You need to be worried, Scott.  The time stone is something that I use to come back in time.  I'm from a different planet, but I also came back in time.  Yes, both at the same time.  Time travel and interplanetary travel.  This makes as much sense as the David Copperfield show thus far.  Yes, consistent with.  So you're running out of time and you're dying.  So is it then about do we need to save your life now  or get you back to a time where you'll be safe?  Can you just give us any instructions about how we can help you?  Yes.  To all of that?  Yes, to all of it.  Okay, okay.  I'm trying to keep it straight in my head.  This is like a Vince Cadlubic lecture.  Okay, so we are, we need to both, we need to get you back to your planet.  And we need to find a way to make you not die here tonight.  And most importantly, everyone here needs to make the symbol  and accept that love is the element that is missing from the Earth.  Okay.  Remember the symbol from the show?  Yes, kind of.  Somebody's making it out there.  The people who've seen it recently.  Let's all learn from him in the audience.  How does it work?  Okay, yes, you put your fingers together.  You put them together and it's okay, okay.  So everybody.  Diamond Dallas Page's diamond cutter symbol if you know professional wrestling.  It's pretty, yes.  Throw up your Illuminati signs.  This is incredible.  Everyone's doing it except for Jason.  Jason, who is letting me down again.  I just have a mic.  Okay, fine.  I wasn't doing it because I had to take a picture  because I've never felt more like a cult leader.  The podcaster ride is a lot like a cult if you think about it.  So now, okay, everyone has to love up.  Wow, yeah, okay, love up.  Okay, okay, so that's given you some energy.  Okay, oh wait, am I dying?  Oh, you chose Jason's lap to die in.  Oh, wait.  Oh, but they, I feel a difference.  The symbols from the audience.  Hey, Blue, really quick.  Do they need to keep doing it or can they put their hands down?  They need to keep doing it.  Hands up, hands up.  Okay, okay.  And they need to for another five to 10 minutes.  Okay.  And Jason needs to sing Pretty Baby while this happens.  Okay, okay, yeah, Jason's got a serenade.  And then I'll be saved and everything will be okay.  I don't know Pretty Baby.  Just sing the part.  Just make up a song that sounds like it could be Pretty Baby.  I don't think he knows either.  Pretty Baby.  Oh, yeah, oh, I'm re-energized.  Wow, wow.  Yay, thank you.  I have to get back now to see Lucy.  Lucy?  Lucy.  What's Lucy?  She's my sister, but I'm also married to her.  Oh.  Blue, is that something that's common on your planet or is that weird there too?  It's weird there too.  It's weird there too.  Okay, okay.  Do we bid goodbye to you for now?  Yeah, bye.  Wow, wow.  Bye.  Blue, 30, so his head fell off.  Oh, wow.  Oh, no, wait a minute.  He's just Shrek.  He was a Shrek.  Shrek.  Shrek.  Shrek.  This MF said Shrek.  Stitch is not Shrek.  Stitch is not Shrek.  Ohana means family, Scott.  There's only one way for me to learn.  Will the entire audience please say to me, Stitch is not Shrek.  Stitch is not Shrek.  All right.  Thank you.  I think I got it.  I think I got it.  Will you allow me to smoke every one of those cigarettes as your penance.  Until you learn, yeah.  Until you learn.  You are allowed.  If I smoke enough of these and take enough imagination pills, I think I'll be able to  keep them straight.  Wow.  How about a hand for Blue?  Oh, my gosh.  Wow.  Great to see him, yeah.  I want to make sure that we, again, Tt might have to like put our hands on the scale and  make sure that we get a little bit of one that I know is very important to everybody  here.  Tick, tick.  Liberace.  Liberace.  Yeah.  I want to make sure we have our Liberace time.  Now, let me say this.  I don't think Liberace is a guy.  I don't think that's the correct classification.  But Liberace has guys around now keeping up the legacy.  Yeah, he unlocks guys.  Okay, so real quick.  Leads to sub guys, yes.  I've talked about this on a previous podcast, but several years ago, I came to Las Vegas.  I signed up for a tour that I saw in Las Vegas Magazine where you could do a tour of Liberace's  collection inside Michael Jackson's basement.  It was called the Thrilla Villa, and it was like the Liberace Foundation had set up this  thing.  They picked you up, took you to the house that Michael Jackson fled to after the allegations,  which he liked because it was full of tunnels.  It was a house where you could just travel through tunnels, and the tunnels were full  of Liberace's clothes.  So the guy showed us all the collection, and then he took us to a room and brought out  some sushi from Ralph's and champagne.  It was like 11 o'clock in the morning, and he's like, what do you guys want to talk about?  His name was Jonathan Warren.  We've got a picture of him.  Let's see.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yes.  Let's learn about our modern Liberace guys.  Is this guy?  This guy.  Yes.  Jonathan Warren.  So not only is he the head of the Liberace Foundation, and he runs these tours, he's  also the console to Monaco, which he told us about immediately when we were eating sushi  with him.  And then it was like him telling us just how easy it is to become the console somewhere.  You just have to know the right people.  So that's one guy who's very much in charge of the Liberace, like a lot of Liberace stuff.  But just recently we found out about a second guy, because there's a second foundation,  which is called the Friends of Liberace's Mansion Foundation, which is run by a second  guy named Martin Ravenhill.  Here he is in a fancy bathtub with three little dogs.  So Martin Ravenhill bought the Liberace Mansion 10 years ago when it had been foreclosed upon  in the bank-owned debt.  He bought it for $500,000, and he spent 10 years restoring it.  And now you can do a private tour, and it's a separate thing to do a private tour where  Martin Ravenhill takes you around the Liberace Mansion.  So we did it today.  We did it at 11 a.m. today.  That's me and Mike with Martin Ravenhill, who fucking rules.  We love Martin Ravenhill.  We love him so much.  He was really, really cool.  Just a really sweet dude who just has made his life's work to restore this decrepit,  weird mansion, and incredibly charming.  I feel like when we're talking about these, when you picture somebody who owns a bunch  of the Liberace stuff, and then you see a photo with three little dogs in a fancy bath,  you start imagining guy.  Well, like a Dr. Evil cat situation.  Yes, yeah, yeah.  And he is a bald man.  I think I'm jumping to conclusions here, so I'm delighted to hear that he's a delightful man.  He's really cool.  He wrote a book about being a good friend that was on display at the mansion.  Yes, it's in like a little case.  I immediately started talking about Liberace as Shondell on the Batman 60s show, which he kind of knew about.  Yes, he kept asking you questions about it.  He kept asking me questions as if I was the Liberace expert, which I, by the way, was very proud of.  I was like, hmm.  The weirdest thing about how he ended up buying, this is really quick, he told us the way he ended up buying the mansion  is that he was in Mexico for work, and somebody texted him, will you download, will you pirate behind the candelabra  so we can watch it?  But he wasn't able to, so instead he watched a trailer for Behind the Candelabra.  Yes.  He didn't know anything about Liberace, this was 10 years ago, and it rolled into a documentary about how the Liberace mansion had been foreclosed upon,  and so they were like, who will save the Liberace mansion?  Yeah, he did, he was like, and I decided to do it.  Yeah, so he moved to Las Vegas and just bought it.  No previous interest, or this was not a lifelong thing.  He got Liberace peeled from behind the candelabra, like a lot of us.  From the trailer.  From the trailer of Behind the Candelabra.  The story does not end with him watching the movie, it ends with him seeing a YouTube video that it linked to that got him thinking I should buy this house.  Yes.  And then he just did it.  He did it, and then, like, because we go in there and like, it is like, got all this like, you know, opulent stuff in there,  and at first I was like, oh, a lot of this probably was hanging around, and he even said like, oh, a lot of this had been sold, and I got it back,  and I was like, yeah, but how much of that is, like, maybe some of this was still here, and he would, and then I looked on Zillow later,  from 10 years ago, and it was completely empty.  He has like, obsessively reconstructed Liberace's house from furniture and like, vases.  Photos he found.  Photos. It's insane.  The thing we couldn't get over though is that he said there were just like a bunch of squatters living in the mansion when he bought it,  and it's like, what was that situation?  Like, what was going on with the squatters living in Liberace's mansion?  Because there's paintings of him on the ceiling looking down at you.  Yeah, I have, let me, I have a one, oh wait, shoot, it's right here.  Yeah, that's what, it's like, that's the bathroom ceiling.  This is what the bathroom ceiling, this is not like a secret photo, this is online, you can find this.  He had the, like, the mural on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel painted on his bedroom, and that's been restored.  And it was painted by Michelangelo's relative.  A descendant of Michelangelo.  Well, then it must be good.  Yeah, only a blood relative can do it.  There was no Liberace, I asked, I go, is there a secret Liberace up here anywhere?  And he was like, no, no, it's just the Sistine Chapel.  But I was like, are you sure it's not like a hit, an Easter egg? But no.  Anyway, the best guy of all time, Martin Ravenhill.  Oh my God, that's incredible.  Cheers.  Wow.  But really quick.  To Martin.  Jonathan Warren is not Martin Ravenhill.  And the Liberace Foundation is not the Friends of the Liberace Mansion Foundation.  And from the sound of it, they don't get along.  They are not speaking.  I was trying to find, because one of the things I want the most is like a Liberace action figure, especially from the Batman.  And I was like, do you know the guy who might have the likeness, like owns the likeness rights, and he did not seem to have that information.  But it might be the other guy. It might be, what's his name?  I think you might have to go to Jonathan Warren, Darkside Martin Ravenhill.  He did encourage me to do this.  Wow.  Which.  Mike at the piano.  And a piano covered in rhinestones.  Covered in rhinestones.  This was not one of his real pianos. It was a new piano made to look like an old piano.  It's a replica.  Because I was hoping he was going to offer to let me play one of the real ones, but it did not come to. I was not going to be rude and ask.  Still a very powerful photo.  Powerful energy.  Every photo of me has power.  And your Mickey flat brim.  Wow.  Today I've been dressed like the Steve Buscemi Hello Fellow Kids meme.  And I think I've been pulling it off, quite frankly.  I think you have.  It's working. Wow, they let a high school kid do a show.  He did say we were young. He was like, you know, you're young. What do you know about Liberace? And everyone was like, thank you.  We are, yeah.  Yes, we're very, we're way too young to know about Liberace.  So I guess he is passing on to young generations.  Oh, well, kind of.  Weird younger people.  Well, geez, incredible.  I'm glad this was a victorious trip.  Yes.  I mean, and you, I mean, I hate to pit them against each other, but it does seem like Martin's winning, even though, like, Jonathan gave you sushi.  Yeah.  They're giving points for that.  I mean, they're both fascinating, important people to have in Las Vegas.  And if they both have to exist or else the Liberace will implode.  It's like the star, a dyad in Star Wars.  Yes.  It's Kylo Ren and Rey.  Rey, yeah.  What's interesting about the, where he lives is like, it's just the street.  It's not like, oh my gosh, it's giant mansions on the street.  It's just like house, house, house, Liberace, house.  It's like very, like I went to a McDonald's a minute away and got an iced coffee and then drove and parked in front of Liberace's house.  I recommend just looking at it from outside.  There's like plaques and you can just drive.  It's right by here.  Yeah, it's so close.  It's really cool from the street.  It's so close.  And at first, I remember I was driving there this morning and I went, I am not prepared to go to Liberace's house today.  But everything that he made was very nice.  And how so?  What would you have had to have done?  It just felt overwhelming.  It's a legendary house.  But you didn't, you didn't faint.  No, I didn't.  No, not like the Minotaur situation where I got a panic attack before going into Liberace's house.  You asked Martin, hey, do you have a trash can in here?  To puke?  For your iced coffee.  No, I left the iced coffee in the car.  I didn't want to be rude.  You didn't get to put your coffee in the fanciest trash can ever made.  Thousand rhinestone trash cans.  No, I did not.  Geez.  Well, incredible.  Do we have time for one more?  I think we can fit another guy.  Let's see.  Any more big travelers here?  We'll do an actual spin.  How do I choose?  Who thinks they may?  Like really shake your hand around if you think you came from really far away.  Even better if you're sitting on an aisle.  Yeah, that's true.  I'm not trying to learn the white shirt here.  Let's do this.  Come on up.  Fantastic.  Let me move these cigarettes that are just weirdly at my crotch right now.  Seven cigarettes.  Hello, sir.  What's your name?  Where did you come in from?  David, and I'm from the land of Mike.  I'm from Chicago.  Wow.  Hey.  Give it up for that.  Yeah.  Is that catching on?  Are they calling it that there?  Everybody's calling it the land of Mike.  The land of Mike.  That's right.  What else are you doing while you're in town?  I'm going to go to the bathroom.  Really?  Wow.  Wow.  God bless.  These people who feel the need to do other things, like have a meal or two.  We appreciate the PTR commitment.  Really good to meet you.  Thanks for coming up.  Go ahead and give it a spin.  Let's see.  Who else?  Who have we not landed on, on the guy's roulette wheel tonight?  Oh, it's me.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Oh, it's you.  Two nights.  Two nights.  Two nights.  Two nights.  We're back.  Okay, okay.  So, let me, aids, you want to give it one more?  And if we don't, then we'll just let you tip it wherever you think it should go.  Let's see, let's see.  Oh, oh, oh.  Yeah, Steve wins.  I think we were all rooting for Steve to win.  Put it there.  Perfect, perfect.  Win, win, win, win, win, win, win.  You know what?  Forget and win.  Or take two.  Let's do two if you want two.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Let's do two if you want two.  Take two, two.  Hey, fantastic.  Hey, give it a ride.  Thanks so much for being here.  Thanks for driving in.  Not driving in.  Red eye, red eye, as he said.  Okay, Steve win.  I mean, that seems like a great place to wind it down.  So, Steve win.  I mean, very fond of him, I think, of some of the things.  Well, as you say, some, yeah.  Yeah, he's credited as like changing it from just a gambling town to like an entertainment  town.  Sure.  Like one of those guys.  Yeah.  Yeah.  See, yeah.  No, the flash, the panache.  You have to give it up to Steve win.  Steve win worked his way up through the ownership of the golden nuggets and he established in  the golden nugget era that he is a person who would like to be on camera.  This is, you know, I'm not just somebody behind a desk.  I want to represent my places in commercials.  And we've alluded to this one, I think, many times.  I know we're both big fans of the classic golden nugget commercial.  Let's check this out together.  If you guys haven't seen this.  Hi, I'm Steve win.  And this is one of the beautiful suites in the golden nugget of Las Vegas, which, as  everybody knows, is downtown.  Nevertheless, you'd be amazed if you knew how many people think that this is uptown.  Hi, Mr. Sinatra.  I'm Steve win.  I run this place.  You see, I get enough towels.  Towels?  Towels?  That's what the people down at the front desk say when Jason calls in to ask for more  towels.  See that I get enough towels.  You're like the chairman in that scenario.  Yeah, yeah.  Someone on TV wouldn't do something bad, right?  There's like a, I think, a flair of theatricality to everything that Steve win did.  And that includes the places that he did.  His inspiration for the hotels.  I mean, the body of work was Mirage and Treasure Island, Bellagio, the win, the encore.  He did all of these places and the Mirage seems like were really like a cracked open  for him and where it is, it does start to get Disneyland-y and like, and theater-y too.  And he kind of described some of the inspiration for the Mirage in this clip.  And just keep, as this clip goes on, keep an eye out for the, who is conducting the  interview.  I think it'll be of note.  Yeah, good.  And then an idea came into my mind, an image of Josh Logan, the director doing South Pacific  and I heard Juanita Hall's voice singing, Bali-i is calling.  Jason knows.  Too many orange filters.  And I said to myself, well, suppose that what you see with your eyes is not what your brain  knows should be there.  There he is.  That's a good face.  Wow.  That is this, this is his interview show, the Michael Eisner.  Yeah, yeah, that was from Conversations with Michael Eisner.  Tense smile I've ever seen.  Hmm.  Hmm.  Mm hmm.  That's all just.  Could we all.  Could we all just sit in silence for 10 seconds and look at his face?  Yeah, seems good.  Yeah.  Okay, count in your head.  I hear laughing.  Do we have to start over?  We have to start over, yeah.  We have to start over.  Oh, blue, what?  You said count in your head and you immediately started counting on your hands.  Well, I was helping everyone in their head.  Oh, okay.  All right.  I was doing, anyway.  What did you get out of that?  Did you notice anything you haven't seen before?  Yeah.  Hmm.  Well, clearly this needs to be the next thing projected on the sphere.  Oh my God.  Eisner's big face.  Yeah, yeah.  That would be so good.  This is great.  This is already like 10 years old, I bet, right?  This interview?  Could be.  Yeah, yeah.  Well, it's certainly not from the recent past because Steve Wynn's not doing too much around  here anymore.  I, you know, maybe one of the biggest me too's, I would say, just purely financial in terms  of like power and amount of money.  Is he like possibly the biggest person that was taken down?  There's a lot of metrics for me to run around in my head right now.  So I don't want to definitively say that, but certainly up there.  Yeah.  But the, you know, more fun times before we knew these things we should have known.  Should have just laughed at his funny ads.  Should have suspected something not as trustworthy of a space as Eisner.  Let's watch one that I definitely remember getting a lot of play at the time.  Do you guys remember the ads where he was announcing both the Wynn and the encore and  was sitting up on top of the hotel?  I want to show the second one of these.  This is the encore, the second one.  Let's check this out.  Hello, I'm over here.  Three years ago, I stood over there introducing you to Wynn Las Vegas.  Now I'm following it up the best way I know how.  This is encore.  Wow.  And it zooms all the way out.  Yeah.  Yeah.  So it's like Tom Cruise Mission Impossible 4.  Steve Wynn on co-commercial.  Uh-huh.  Next level.  He did it first too.  He saved Las Vegas.  Tom Cruise saved the movies.  Right.  Popcorn.  Popcorn movies.  Sitting buildings.  Sitting.  Building.  Towels.  Towels.  Building.  Sitting.  Shrek Stitch.  Shrek Stitch.  Jason.  Cool ad, right?  You might be wondering who put that amazing ad together.  Who did that incredible helicopter shot?  Can you play the next clip, please?  Las Vegas developer Steve Wynn joined forces with famed director Brett Rafferty.  Encore.  Yep, yep, yep.  I love that he's like doing the director fingers.  Necessary.  He's bringing Steve Wynn back to life.  And you're giving him the symbol of love?  Yeah.  And you're giving him the symbol of love.  And you're giving him the symbol of love?  He's giving him the symbol of love, yeah.  Well, look, we've...  Can I say one more thing about him?  Yes, absolutely.  I don't want to talk about this on the podcast, but maybe we have.  He spent maybe a million dollars at auction for a Maltese Falcon that probably isn't real.  What?  According to the big New Yorker piece about all the Maltese Falcons, he spent a million  dollars at auction for a Maltese Falcon that probably isn't real.  And it was like, that's probably just fake, but he owns it.  Did they say that after the auction or before?  Way after.  It's like now there's experts trying to figure out which was the original and they're like,  it's definitely not that one.  Oh, wow.  Yeah.  Do you have legal recourse in that situation?  I mean, I don't know.  Don't tell him.  It's funny.  It is funny.  And I won't...  You're right.  I won't tell him.  The guys need to get what they deserve.  So he got tricked by a Falcon.  And earlier this week, the Nevada gaming board made him pay $10 million and made him agree  to have no role in a casino besides customer.  So that happened this week.  Oh, he can play craps though.  Yeah, he can win it back.  Yeah.  Put it all on red?  What about sitting on one?  Can he still sit on one?  Uh-huh.  May not be.  Yep.  Yeah.  Yeah.  He can still get up there, still get Brett making the director fingers.  Yeah.  Yeah.  He can film as many as he wants.  He can sit on all the casinos?  That's how he gets back on top, literally.  Because he sits on each casino on the strip.  Hi.  I'm Steve Nguyen.  The last time you saw me, I was opening up to the encore.  Now I'm legally banned from doing anything like that again.  So I'm just here to sit on the Cosmopolitan and say, hello.  Take it away, Brett.  Me too, guys.  Got to stay busy somehow.  And then you cut to like Michael Eisner on the other side of the street sitting on the different...  Making the face.  Yeah.  But far away because he's in the helicopter pans out.  Eva, it's been a wonderful menagerie of guys.  I don't know.  Any closing observations?  Do we miss anybody?  We missed Elon.  But look, Elon's digging pointless tunnels under the city.  Don't go to the...  Oh, wait.  Jason had something about the pointless tunnels.  Yeah.  So the Vegas Loop, the tunnels, recently got approved for like a giant expansion.  And the mayor of Los Angeles, Mayor Carolyn Goodman...  Oh, Vegas?  He's in Los Angeles.  Oh, Las Vegas.  Las Vegas is not...  It happened.  It happened to me.  You might remember, if you're not from here, you might remember Carolyn Goodman from her interview with Anderson Cooper in 2020 or mid 2020 where she's possibly drunk and saying like, Vegas is open for business.  Vegas is open for business.  We're not concerned about this virus at all.  But a little more...  Doing an old hee haw character.  Yeah.  A little more eloquent, her comments on the Loop.  I think it's impractical.  It is not proven yet.  We don't have any raw, real data that's confirmed.  I find it unsafe and inaccessible.  It is operator driven.  Therefore, it's not on a rail and cannot move us all safely.  If this car that you're looking at gets a flat, it backs up all the way.  It backs up all the way, the traffic.  There are no exits along the way.  If we have a grid problem, we all know what the problems are with energy.  Look at California.  So I don't quite...  That last part is a little confusing to me.  By the way, she did vote yes on this expansion.  Possibly a guy too.  Possibly a guy too.  We don't have lady guys.  I know that...  Ladies are guys.  Ladies can be guys.  Yeah, we're researching.  Looking into it.  With infinite resources and money, if you set out to be a Vegas guy,  do you have any thought how you might do that?  Third Liberace Foundation.  I pit them all against each other.  Which aspect of Liberace would you want to control?  Cars only.  Okay.  I don't know.  Batman related stuff.  Something.  I'd find my little corner of it and I'd get real weird with it.  And I'd make a nonprofit and draw people in to meet me.  That's right.  And then I'd trap them and they'd be with me and not the other two guys.  And I'd become the console to somewhere.  And I'd get four dogs.  The console to Blue's planet perhaps.  Oh yeah.  Hey Blue, we're wrapping up.  Do you want to say goodbye to the folks really quick?  One more check in with Blue32.  Oh yeah.  Where did I throw...  Oh he's in here.  Back in his box.  Oh man, and he wants Jason to work him.  Oh yeah, yeah.  Okay.  Shrek again.  He was just asking for Jason.  I don't know.  Oh he's back.  Oh there.  Yeah he's good.  Does Blue have a goodbye from us with Jason's voice now?  Oh yeah.  Let's hear it.  Hey everybody.  Thanks for coming out to the show.  Oh he wants Scott to work him.  Ohana means family.  There's something I actually want to do.  The only way that we can truly end the night on a note of love and close the time loop  and fix all the stuff with the dads.  The only way is if one of you guys, if one of your dads that I was friends with is actually here.  And I could give them a big hug.  Hug.  Is that possible?  Is somebody, is one of the boys' dads...  Is one of the people on stage available?  Is he here?  Is he here?  Is maybe my father here?  Oh my god.  It's a miracle.  It's one of the dads.  Whoa.  What?  It can't be Kent.  He's watching back in California.  Who is that?  My eyes.  I don't see so good.  My eyes are flopping.  Is that Mr. Carlson?  Whoa.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  You guys.  Oh my god.  It's been so long.  It's so good to see you.  Give me a big hug.  Oh.  Oh.  It's time to...  Wow.  Hey.  Now it's all good.  Maybe a quick smooch too?  Thank you.  Wow.  Thanks, Mr. Carlson.  Wait, wait, wait.  Give a hand for my father.  Be careful.  Don't fall down the stairs.  You guys got to hug too.  Hug.  Hug.  You got a thumbs up.  Yeah.  He's getting out of here.  Wow.  He did not want to be part of Boys World.  Now everything is fine.  Now the time loops is sealed.  I hugged the dad and that means we can all go forth into the world and everything will  be right.  You survived Podcast the Rides.  Big Vegas.  Group Belinda.  Wow.  The eye, yeah.  All glory to the eye.  Hail the...  I'll hail the eye.  I'm going to lick the sticky part of the eye.  Num num num num num num num num num num.  Folks, thank you so much for coming out.  It really means a lot to us.  We hope you have a great overwhelm.  Thank you very, very much.  If you do things besides seeing this, our thanks, of course, to the great, great, great  Eva Anderson.  You survived.  Thank you guys.  Thank you for having me.  This is a dream.  I guess through my life.  So happy to have you.  Thank you all for coming out.  Thanks to the Space Las Vegas.  This place has been incredible.  Thanks to Team Bug Main for recommending this place.  Thanks to my dad.  And especially, hey, you know what?  We did the ultimate theme park thing.  We embarrassed a dad.  That's right.  Wow.  We did it.  Folks, thanks so much.  Thanks for live streaming.  Thanks for watching.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  We appreciate it.  Thanks for live streaming.  We appreciate it.  It's been so much fun.  Have a good night, everybody.  Cigarettes for all.  Anybody?  Any teens here?  Want a cigarette?  Forever.  Dog.  This has been a Forever Dog Production.  Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehme, Joe  Cilio and Alex Ramsey.  For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.com and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,  Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.  Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram, at  Forever Dog Team and liking our page on Facebook.