 Alright, it's Podcast The Ride, Sin City Nights, the Fremont Gate.  And you know, this series is our tribute to a betting town.  That's what we're doing here.  And in that spirit, if one of the hosts bet that a recent text exchange would not come  up on the show, he bet wrong.  I'm Scott, there's Mike on one side of this.  The other is Jason.  This is me at my most old man, which is, I still don't know how my Apple watch works.  This is, well, okay, okay.  That's a preview.  That's why it happened.  But let's step the listener through what Mike and I got to experience one day.  It was great.  Yeah, yeah.  Go ahead, John.  Which is, we were discussing logistics of the very episode that you're listening to  now, Meow Wolf's Omega March.  We will get to that, I believe.  But so we were just like discussing the finer points of this.  And then, you know, a couple of text exchanges back and forth.  And then what shows up in our text?  All right, Jason Sheridan.  I think I could steer this one.  I think I know how to present in order to our wife.  Yeah, if you did experience it.  Hi, I was bit by a snake.  Anti-venom didn't work.  Passed away.  Okay, yeah, this is actually Snake.  Okay.  Period.  Gave.  And then that's the end.  Yeah.  That was all one paragraph.  That was one entire text exchange.  There's levels of this that you don't even know.  Oh, yes.  Yes.  Me on my bullshit.  We're really quick.  The response to this, Mike and I both, because we're just like fully in a back and forth.  So we're like ready to keep talking.  So then this lands and then some stunned silence.  And I say, what?  And Mike says, question mark, question mark.  And then I said, Jason broke and then go Fifi.  And then you proceeded to explain what happened.  I explained what happened.  So now I see the floor to you.  Okay.  So what happened was I was dictating through Siri into my Apple watch and I thought it  sent, but it hadn't sent yet.  So it was picking up.  I started playing a podcast again.  I was listening to Brian Quinn, B's guys podcast where he finds like subcultures on the internet.  And so like the Doughboys were just on for hot sauce guys.  The Talking Simpsons guys were on talking about like South Park guy.  People still stumping for South Park, like really hardcore 2023.  So they were looking at reptile collector guys.  That's why there was a big thing.  They were reading reviews of people talking about collecting snakes and some real psychos  who collect poisonous snakes.  Now what happened was I was dictating and I was at a Walmart doing a pickup for mostly  I learned about Baja Blast Zero is in cans for the summer.  They can't talk about, I just drank one.  I was mostly picking up.  The Baja Blast is coming back up in your esophagus.  I try not to drink carbonated things when we record.  And you're having a lot of caffeine for a, we're having a later night record here.  Yeah, a little can of soda before dinner.  But Baja Blast is a real jolt.  I don't think, I think unsweetened iced tea is more of a kick.  Really?  Okay.  Well, I don't want to derail you.  Yeah.  I don't want to derail you guys from an old married person discussion that you just had.  Happy 40 years, by the way.  So I was picking up like some Baja Blast Zero.  I was picking up a new hostess cake called the Casbars that Mike and I have been texting  about for a few months now.  They're okay.  They're not amazing.  Mike has Casbars?  No, I have not.  You can ask them before you leave.  Or you take some for the road.  You both can.  Thank you.  And then I got some groceries like a normal purse.  You may as well just tell us what the groceries were too.  I think I got bananas, a loaf of bread.  No, bananas.  Just don't eat those first thing in the morning.  Hey, amen, brother.  Oh yeah, for him, yeah.  So this was a, yeah, this was very funny.  And I was, you know, I was still really enjoying Omega Mart, excited by Omega Mart.  I was like pretty enthusiastic.  I was like, oh, I think I would talk about it.  I think the people want to hear us talk about it.  And I was just very, that was right after we recorded.  So I was probably still a little like up, still a little talky.  Like Baja Blast up.  But minus the like the surging bubbles in your chest, up in a good way.  I was just jacked from learning about the legends in the concert.  Oh sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.  Well, it hasn't come out yet.  It hasn't come out yet.  Wait a minute.  Wait, hold on a second.  I'm confused.  Maybe I missed something.  You were in a Walmart when this happened, but you were listening to a podcast?  I was in the pickup.  I was in my car.  Oh, so you were in the car, I see.  That area of the pickup.  Oh, you put an order in.  We're waiting in a car.  Yes, I was waiting in the car.  That makes more sense.  So you did, you were not attempting to dictate this text and then also keep listening to  the podcast.  It was that one process ended and then you went, all right, and now back to podcast.  No, I dictated the podcast.  I was dictating and then like the, because it goes through the, the watch is hooked up  to the phone.  So then it like pauses the podcast.  Oh, it is coming from the same side.  I didn't know if there's a separate iPhone in play or something.  Yeah.  So, yeah, I forget which I think I was dictating into the watch.  Maybe I hit pause manually, just to be sure.  Sure.  So, but when you dictate a text in the watch, there's a button that is nowhere on like on  the phone.  You dictate and then there's a don't send button, not a send button.  What?  So yeah, it's weird.  It's a weird like Apple choice.  I'm not getting sold on the text to speech feature of the or whatever the dictating feature  of the Apple watch.  Oh, I use it a lot on my phone, but I end up having.  On the phone you do it, but you're maybe not working at the king.  Yeah.  I mean, I think the Apple text to speech, I feel like I've seen people talk about this  online.  It's gotten worse over the years.  You know?  Can, can we say for a second, I, I didn't know exactly what had happened, but I was  trying to figure out like what different scenarios, like you start going through like, okay, what  is he saying?  Is he having a conversation with somebody?  Obviously, like he didn't just pass away.  He's not at a doctor's office.  Was something copy pasted from something else?  Yeah.  Was what was weird because he said, I think I could do this one.  I think I know how to present in order to our wife.  And I was like, what is our wife?  I don't know what that means.  I don't know what that part.  I started thinking sexually like, like, yeah, I know how to present.  So the awkward are a white or like, like a very aggressive thought that maybe you were  like saying out loud, like kind of in a sinister way.  Yet, like, so the first sentence would be, I think I know what to do this one.  Yeah.  I think I know how to present it.  So ours are one.  Like you said it to yourself.  Like you were like very cocky about it.  Like, oh, I say, very, very cocky and really like a toxic male, but also censoring the  word are or worse.  I'm not immediately coming up with another sexual verb with our rail rail.  There you go.  There's two.  Ram or who is the other person?  Is this like a Mr. Brooks style?  Like two people in my brain?  Yeah, I'm not sure.  I wasn't like, is there a different?  Is there a wife you're thinking of?  Yeah, don't know something untoward you were thinking.  So that was my first thing where it seemed it almost seemed sexual with the just in order  to our wife.  Our wife was a kind of violence to the sentence.  I think I the reason I got hung up on it and I knew this must have been some mistake and  these mistakes happen, but just the specific of what was picked up.  Oh yeah.  About the snakes.  Yes.  Yeah.  But the way that it and I'm going to repeat this sentence because I think this is a beautiful  little story.  Hi, I was bit by a snake.  Anti venom didn't work.  Passed away.  OK, yeah, this is actually snake.  This is a complex story.  Yeah, too many words because it takes a person from being bit by a snake trying anti venom  it failing.  They die and now cop to that.  They they must admit that they are now actually a snake.  This is this is a like short haiku length tale of somebody becoming a were snake.  Oh yeah.  Yeah, you're right.  Handles the in a really tiny amount.  It's almost like it was given like AI or something was given a task of fit into haiku length  or like what a tweet length used to be right and tell this little story.  And that's an economy of words.  There's not one word wasted in there.  Yeah.  You also know that the guys kind of resigned to it or maybe also like I think maybe it's  a were snake that went to bit somebody made up this whole story and then like, OK, yeah,  this is actually snake and then goes right in for a bite.  Who am I kidding?  Who am I?  I know my bullet.  I just get to the I'm going to turn you into snake too.  Yeah, yeah, it's I I feel like I interpreted like 10 different versions of it by the time  you even responded, which was pretty quickly.  So I was food for thought.  So this does not reflect what was because it is selectively picking up things from the  podcast.  This does not know it's little bits and pieces.  There was this there was not actually a story about a were snake on what you were listening  to.  No.  I mean, that's very podcast worthy.  Right.  That's certainly a guy.  Yeah.  Oh, yeah, that would be a guy for sure.  This guy's edging into our guy territory.  Yeah, really.  I realized that.  I mean, it seems like mildly different definition.  But did the word life ever come into the podcast?  That's my question.  I'm not sure.  I have to restart the episode because I totally lost the thread at this point.  I was only a few minutes in, I think.  Right.  It really happened in Lindsay and I.  She was changing or feeding the baby or whatever.  And then one of her talk to text was still on.  And I came to the room and I was just talking.  And I think I said something like, like I made like some cutesy comment about the baby  taking a big shit or like was like, oh, like and it was all talked to text and it was a  big paragraph of it.  So it was like this happened just the other day.  Oh, OK.  Like Jason.  Sure.  Oh, so I'm just getting the fucking business for no reason as usual.  Very well.  For a half reason, I'm again, I just wanted to tell the story of the man turning from  man to snake.  Maybe I even have it.  I think it's a particularly like just the snake stuff is particularly good.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It was just about you are someone's wife.  Well, actually, that would be even better.  That would be more worthy, although maybe we would have kept that off the air.  You keep saying R-ing.  Is it the letter R?  Yeah, you wrote the letter R.  Imagine it would be more acceptable with effing.  To talk to text, I already have to super enunciate because just the Philly twang, like  the mushing of words together.  So often, Jane is like, what did you just say?  Like I'm like, oh, no, it hasn't been.  It's been four years that I still like now and just mush.  I'm so comfortable in our relationship.  Just mush mouthing every time just falling back into the wooder.  It's like the dictating is making fun of the accent, too.  This is getting it from all ends.  I have the message.  Let me read it here.  And this just makes less sense.  Certain same sensor, but they really didn't like it.  Just air gas system.  Check the leg.  Check maybe it just happened in love.  Someone who makes things worse of a whole.  This part of the message.  Stop.  I will do the town phones, picking up all of them.  I'm saying is dirty diaper.  So that's what it got out of our conversation.  That can't have been.  I know that's not what I was saying.  Or Lindsay was saying, no.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's good.  Because that's how you guys talk to each other.  Then I don't understand.  You got a very dense language.  You're buying clothes, adding like periods in there.  We all talk like hep cats or something like certain same sensor, but they really did.  But they really didn't like it.  You're all doing beat poetry.  Yeah, basically.  So that was, that's not as good and concise as your, as the snake story.  Look, nor that's, you know, we are, these episodes go on and on.  We use so many words and don't tell anything as concisely as the snakes.  That's a very good point.  So good job to the accidental collaboration between Jason hitting the wrong Apple watch  button, this podcast and, and the watch itself for getting a nice little, nice little tail.  Yeah.  Now you got to hear it too.  Watch.  With that said, that was all in the service of planning our episode about a mega mart.  Yes.  We are now back from our Las Vegas journeys and we had kind of the, the mission to do  some new stuff, to experience some new Vegas things together and some themed entertainment  together.  The three of us haven't been there all at the same time before.  So, you know, seemed like a good thing to do and maybe nothing looms larger there in  2023 than a mega mart in terms of a big spectacle, mysterious themed experience and the entire,  you know, campus facility, whatever you want to call it, that it's part of area 15.  Yeah.  So we did it.  We got to do it.  We finally did it.  That's, I feel like that's one of the most requests I've seen that more maybe than just  like do space mountain, which people I think want us to do space mountain.  But I think omega mart definitely.  They know, they know it's a long, they know for a little way.  Space maintenance.  Sisyphus pushing a rock up there.  It's a lot.  It's like an opening day queue for space.  It's a lift hill that never ends.  So yeah.  And, and well, by the way, when we do space mountain, it's like a year of space mountain  at this point.  Yeah.  Every, every week is space mountain in 2028.  Well, there's a lot of mountains, you know?  We still have a lot of tomorrow.  We still have promise more tomorrow in this year.  I know that early.  We found out a lot of other stuff we wanted to do.  We're going to do that.  We'll pick that up again.  Um, so, so yeah, I feel like this is like not just Vegas related stuff that people wanted  us to talk about, but it's themed of all themed experiences they wanted.  Yeah.  Yeah, really well.  And understandably, because it is, um, it's, it's brand new.  It is not done by one of the big corporations that we know puts these themed experiences  together.  Yeah.  So it's very, I don't know, it's, it's this odd indie enterprise and, and something that's  much stranger and less expected than, you know, the super Mario world, you know, and  they manage things, right?  Like they're a friend, like obviously there's multiple Meow Wolf things.  This is a potentially could last for a long time as far as like just things popping up  that are like this immersives or whatever you want to call it.  Well, it's very, you know, how often do we talk about these ambitious dreams, right?  That kind of crumbled.  And I was reading articles about Meow Wolf today and reading about how they want, we  want to be open in a dozen cities.  And we were expand, we're very ambitious with our expansion plans.  It's almost like in weird, like post pandemic and media is collapsing.  You don't almost expect to be reading this stuff in the 2020s, something that is built  based in physical places that wants to just keep expanding and keep expanding.  It's like we're reading.  It's like I was reading an article from the past, basically.  Yeah.  So it's kind of crazy to be on the like, hopefully the upward trajectory of hope of this Meow  Wolf enterprise and hoping that it does work out for them.  Yeah.  And there's the angle, too, of yes, it's outside of the big like Disney Universal Six Flags,  but also like it is very theme parky.  It's very themed entertainment, but there's like installation art or experiential, like  immersive art that angle, too.  Like there's hundreds of artists that have worked on like different parts of this.  You know?  Which, you know, the fact that it's not like here are lots of separate pieces by separate  artists and they are separated by space in a room and labeled and you look at this one  and now you look at this one.  It's not a museum.  It's pretty cool that you were just constantly weaving from installation to installation  from piece to piece and you don't know what like it all it all cross pollinates.  You don't know when you're the soundtrack for one ends and the other begins.  Yeah.  I don't know if you're in a functional stairwell or if that is a part of the installation as  well.  Right.  It's like it's all art and it's a thousand things, but it's one thing.  Yeah.  And it's also a big discovery zone for adults.  Yeah.  Which at the end of the day, we'll talk about details of like story and nonlinear storytelling.  Yeah.  Really is a lot of like colorful lights and weird looking stuff and things to climb and  little passageways and it's discovery zone for adults in that way, which I appreciate  as a man who wants to climb through little holes and through and like up low ladders  and secret places and like I want it to be like Caesar land or little Caesar's play area  though I've talked about many times where like I would crawl in right by the crazy bread  and come out by like a thing that was only in Schomburg that only you had.  Yeah.  So I think there was maybe one in Wisconsin.  I think we figured out maybe there were two, but yes.  So I was really happy that that element was there because like ultimately if you're look,  I'm a Midwestern dad.  I don't live there, but I'm from the Midwest.  And so like if I didn't want to involve myself in any of the storytelling, well, I got to  climb up a couple sets of stairs and there's some lights and I got to hit a button and  I go, okay.  And then like I went to another set of stairs and there was like a little tiny like a hallway,  the trunk like Willy Wonka and I go, oh, that's cool.  And I like crouched down and I went, oh yeah.  And then I came out of it.  Like at the end of the day, fun lights crouching down and secret staircases.  That is enough for a dad who still misses the days of his discovery zone glory.  Yeah.  Wow.  There was a lot of people like, you know, there was a lot of adults there doing it,  but like as we were leaving, you know, it got more crowded as the morning went on.  And a lot of families like in kids got this immediately.  There was a woman with a nine month old under her arm walking up these like really like  narrow, steepish stairs.  I was like, that does not seem like an easy situation.  Probably not.  But a good, but yeah, the fact that you're right, there is what you were saying.  There is the intellectual way to experience this and there is the completely non intellectual  way to experience this.  So I was definitely flashing to my three year old.  Yeah, would like absolutely go for just the tactile would want to climb, would want to  touch, would want to stare.  I actually I think probably more than probably more than most things at Disneyland or something  could a nine month old get a lot out of this because it's like, ooh, lights, sound stuff.  Yes.  Did you go in the little hallway, the trunk like Willy Wonka?  Do you know what I'm talking about?  I don't.  I definitely remember.  I was in it.  It's probably not this.  I went through a tent and that goes into a much smaller hole.  So that's the only thing I'm thinking of that is like what you're describing.  That's a different hole.  Yeah.  I I watched a couple of videos today and there was so many things.  I was like, well, I didn't see that.  Like I didn't see.  I really tried to see everything, but I still felt like I missed things.  I'm sure within the first hour I was like, OK, I'm not going to be able to see everything  to that.  Like I'm just accepting that.  Let's let's describe what this is in case people don't know what we're talking about.  Yeah.  West of Strip, like a mile away roughly from the Lava Main Strip Casinos, part of Area  15, which is this on the rise entertainment district.  I don't know what to even call it.  It is so its own bizarre thing.  I honestly, having not been to Vicks for a little bit, I missed the rise of it and wasn't  aware until Learning Universal was going to invest in that area and do this horror year  round experience there.  But it's like a crazy adult indoor carnival.  Yes.  With little rides and experiences and yes, bars and restaurants, but mainly just elevated  somewhat themed.  Bizarre carnival of the mind stuff and colored lighting and a lot of colored lighting, a  lot of weird, you know, kooky restaurants and bars.  There's a bar outside.  I think it only runs later in the day during like the hot time of year that rotates you  a few stories in the air and then rotates you back down.  Oh, yeah, I saw some pictures that OK, OK.  Well, it was like a hot like a hot air balloon sort of deal.  But yeah, yeah.  When you park in there, there's like a weird like air raid siren that's going off with  like a scary message like you immediately are like a MERS immersed in like weirdness.  Yeah, this is kind of apocalyptic.  Yeah, there's like a big robot like that's like lying dead.  Yes. Yeah, there's a Jane and I got dropped off at the lift like ride share drop off and  people were going through the shipping container and we're like, what's in here?  We're going through they were walking.  They were walking through it at doors on it.  And we walked in.  It was like a hall of mirrors with like crazy lights and music and stuff playing.  And so that's even before we like got to bag check.  Geez. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  So just in the parking lot, you're you're seeing stuff.  Yeah. So so yeah, then you get in like the area or the excuse me, the building with  with Omega Mart is like a big kind of complex.  It's got a bunch of stuff in it.  That's not just the immersive thing we're talking about today.  Yeah. Yeah. Bunch of warehouses.  Yes. All around there are a bunch of warehouses and there's something what's like the  Imaginarium or something is next to it.  I don't even know what that is.  Yeah, not sure. No, we didn't get to explore everything a little bit, but mostly.  Yeah, that's a different building.  But but the anchor of it is definitely this.  And we can we could talk about Meow Wolf a little bit, at least the best of our understanding of it.  But basically, broad stuff is it is a  bizarro simulated supermarket where all of the products are fake and it's hyper  details at every with every type of product and, you know, like deli counter and all the zones that the market would have.  But what's the tagline?  There's you have no idea what's in store.  Right. That it's all alluding to that there is more going on here and there is a broader story and lots of secret passageways that lead you into this.  Like you think this facade is the entire thing, but through the many, many ways that you could wander into really what the big show is,  this entire thing unfolds, which is part installation and part of story that you can follow.  But mainly all of it together, just a big, bizarre, trippy experience that  clearly cost a lot of money and took a lot of work, but still feels very handcrafted and made by specific people.  Yeah, yeah. It's and it's like a psychedelic thing.  I'm on some level I'm surprised that it's still like it's so popular with normal people with normies.  Yeah, I know. Because it's really weird.  The whole thing is really weird and it's not like I said this before, it's like not linear.  So you're not quite sure what's going on or how to do it or how.  Yeah, they don't tell you how to do it.  You can you can buy a card for three dollars, which I did.  I did, too. That's like kind of tells you.  I mean, it does tell you more of the story, but like that's not going to help the average person figure out what to do.  No, and the story is second, like you could do the whole thing and not really get more than like glancing blows from the store.  You know? Yeah. So so yeah, you could wander in there for sure.  And like still kind of only just go in the supermarket, probably go.  That's that was clever, weird supermarket and leave.  Yes. Yes. I wonder if it's I'm sure it's happened.  There's people who've missed that employees try to tell you like, oh, you should go up.  I had a couple like whisper like, hey, you should go do this.  Oh, OK, OK. So that's how they try to facilitate.  Yeah, because you might be starting to think this was a rip off if you know, depending on the day, it's yeah, it could be anywhere from 45 to 65, which we were there at peak time.  So we were. Yeah. And I think and then if you're there during peak times, which we'll talk about this, like you do see people going into secret places.  So it's not so hard to tell.  But I bet if it's a little more sparse, you might really miss.  You might. Yeah, yeah.  I mean, a nudge.  I think the psychedelic stuff was later on, I learned is like, oh, when you first get back here, you're in a town and then you're in like a factory and corporate headquarters.  Again, that's all kind. I had no idea it was technically a town because it's just so weird back there.  Yeah, that's an exactly I guess if I've been paying closer attention, but there's there's for sure a way where you were just in an absolute haze.  Yes. And and Gabris was like, oh, go to the butcher, which he was right.  That is a way back there. But there's like three or four ways.  Maybe more, maybe more. Yeah, I think I missed a few.  I think there was a there was a zone that said employees only that I like in a stairwell that I took on faith.  I actually was like, OK, I guess it stops here.  And until watching a video today, I didn't realize.  Wait, you fool. That is a way that you could have gone.  Yeah, because upstairs, that's an entire path that you're it's all it's multiple ways to get into this, you know, bizarre simulate or not.  Surreal warehouse.  And one way is that to like, all right, in a normal market, you wouldn't go up the employee stairs, but you do.  And then you go to the break room.  But the break room is weird. And these videos are really bizarre.  And then what's this door? You open up the lockers and then the lockers are a secret door.  Yes. So that's one way to do it.  That's not how I made it up.  So right from the get go, you finding like the real deal, it's completely up to you.  How you do it. Yes.  Yeah, I just learned today watching a video.  So I bought a T-shirt, which the T-shirts are various levels of melting like like the logo on them.  There's some that are like very clear and then some that are starting to warp.  I think I bought that halfway through warp and it says Cal Tucky, which I don't even know what that means.  Like I just thought it was a weird, fun graphic shirt.  Apparently that circular T-shirt rack, that is a door to a spiral staircase.  Like a spiral staircase. That's how I went up.  Is that the T-shirts? Yeah.  And you told me about it when we were in there and then I went, oh, I got to go back down and do it.  So I did it. Yeah. I saw people.  But I feel like I barely caught it. It was hidden.  It was. I went by it a couple of times.  Maybe you even said maybe that was an employee prompt.  Somebody might have said, you want to check this out?  That's one of the coolest parts, I think.  Yeah. Of just again, sort of like kid brain.  I'm like, there's a secret entrance here and you go spiral staircase and now you're in a different place.  Like that part really would have blown my mind as a kid, especially if I hadn't seen it like once around.  Yeah. So yeah, that was that was, you know, the Batman side of it.  The like I always wanted a like what the Magic Castle has that you like secret passageways.  Yeah, there's secret.  You pull a book and then something turns around that here.  I'll say this now, but I know why they have to have so many people in there.  But if we could have done it with just the five of us, it would have been way better.  Yeah. Yeah. Because there's too many people going in.  And I understand the legit like why they have to do it.  But I think that if you were only in there with a smaller group, you would there are big stuff  that would be even like blow your mind more if you noticed it.  And also you would be scared more. Yeah, true.  Because there's scary shit in here.  But there's so many people going through it.  It doesn't it doesn't unnerve me like other scary stuff does.  You know, it's kind of cool.  It's it's sort of like an escape room where there is no wrong answer.  And you can escape whenever you feel like it.  Leave whenever you want.  There is a lot of benches and there's a good amount of bathrooms.  I thought for like, oh, this is this is smart design because you keep people in the Omega Mart  like campus, they don't have to go outside area 15 to like use the bathroom or like  take a lot of or whatever.  I was going to say this maybe at the end, but I will say this right now.  I wanted it to fuck me up more.  When I was in there, I felt the desire for it to fuck me up.  And I don't know if it's because I'm a horror nights maze junkie now.  That might be what it is.  But I was definitely like, come on, scare me, you fucking thing.  Like, do it. Come on.  Like I was daring. One room did.  I will say one room got me.  I don't know if you're in it.  There's one room where it was like strobe light and this just pulsating crazy noise.  I don't know if that's the way to describe the noise.  It was like, oh, like, yeah.  And then there was also on the wall.  It was just you looking at you in black and white and a giant blown up image.  So I didn't looking at you.  It's down the corridor.  I should I think I have it written down what the name of it was.  And I was in there alone and I'm standing there and it's going  and it's like going crazier and faster and faster.  And I remember just going, I think I could lose my mind.  It's this is fucking me up.  But that was the first time I like felt like that extra level.  It's like when you're eating food and if you like hot sauce,  if you like a little kick, I the way I think of hot sauce  is like adding like a fourth dimension to eating, essentially.  Like there's an extra.  This was making every meal so much more exciting than any of us having.  Well, it's not thinking that crazy thought if you're eating hot chicken,  because like really, what is hot sauce?  But making your mouth react in a way that's not doing something  that's like a normal satisfying taste thing like you're normal.  Like really hot shit isn't good.  It doesn't taste good.  But you get end up liking that sensation that's happening in your mouth.  You know what I'm saying? Does that make some sense?  It seems like the psychedelia of Omega Mart has fucked with Mike's brain.  And where he's like spitting here, this is my philosophy, man.  He's like the dude.  And now he is burrowing down on everything, including like cap capsaicin.  So I'm saying there was a dimension missing because it was a spooky, weird thing.  But I'm used to that extra dimension of like an immersive like this,  where I get my body physically reacts because it's freaked out.  So I was you should have done it on hot sauce.  Well, that's what's missing.  I would. That's what I'll do next time.  When you also next horror nights, horror night season, just take  keep some packets in your pocket.  Well, I'm in your pocket.  That that is, I think, how in the theme park, like new stuff, area 15 came around  because, you know, you said earlier area 15 in Vegas is getting the year round  universal horror nights on and then Orlando is getting an area 15 in 2024.  So kind of an exchange.  I'm assuming that's going to happen.  Oh, I'm not 100 percent.  I don't know that.  But I don't know.  Meow Wolf has duplicated any of their stuff.  I know they're just opening a Texas thing right now.  There's that there.  I think there has been that discussion of are there things that they can replicate  and they're like that there's because they're all original and original premises.  Yes. Currently you get three.  You got Santa Fe.  You got this one in Vegas and then you got convergence station in Denver,  which is five stories and nearly twice as big.  Oh, man, I didn't realize that.  Yeah, that's the ultimate one.  Wow. Yeah.  And that has a collaboration with Everything is Terrible.  Oh, yeah. Called Pizza Pals Playzone.  That is an invented from the ground up, but more surreal Chuck E.  Cheese. Yeah.  With a fully fleshed out cast of characters.  Great. Yeah.  I mean, you know, does it hurt to not see Helen and Jasper and the characters we love?  Sure. But, you know, I understand they they they don't even want those characters anymore.  That company. They also they have the ride called Collide Escape at Elitch.  How do you say this?  Elitch Garden, Elitch Gardens.  Yeah, I didn't know about this till today.  They took over a dark ride.  They like the park was like redo this ride, you know?  Yeah, that's pretty insane because they're they're Denver  exhibit, whatever you want to call it, is next to that theme park.  OK, and they have a big corporate presence in Denver.  So I think it all just came together like, hey, this thing is going so well.  Or maybe it wasn't open yet.  Maybe they just like, I don't know.  I actually I think the ride opened before the Megamart even.  So I'm not sure how it happened, but how like for what is otherwise  seemingly a sort of generic park, from what I can tell about Elitch Gardens.  Apologies if I'm offending any listeners who.  But, you know, it seems in the realm of like the the Kings's or  not a Six Flags, maybe.  But like but this they yeah, it was the ride Ghost Blasters,  which is a Sally Dark ride that's kind of rubber stamped across a lot of places.  Carol Wins and other parks.  So they have that, which I'm sure is fine.  I'm sure I'd like Ghost Blaster.  Yeah, just fine.  But then to give this art collective like it like you guys do a ride.  That's pretty nuts.  Yeah, that's a pretty next level thing.  That's right.  With like an aesthetic that's kind of not not abrasive, not scary or anything,  but it's not like theme parky theme park.  Right. Stuff can be so kind of tame, really.  Yes. I mean, this is akin to letting Raleigh Crump do whatever he wants or something.  You know, like it's it's pretty you don't see this art influence in theme parks very often.  Yeah, it's very much more aggressive.  It's like the theme park.  The general theme park tone is always not aggressive.  Yeah, yes.  Especially a dark ride.  It's like, yeah, you know, you expect to be taken care of a little bit.  This is a little more or see just see a lot of characters who, if you aren't paying close attention,  you're like, was that Mickey or bugs?  Yeah, probably. It was. Yeah, I think so.  Yeah, I'm really cute.  If not the one you immediately recognize, you know.  Well, they're probably from something.  Yeah. So in the actual like Omega Mart part, I didn't I know Gabris told us this,  and I actually didn't realize you could buy the fake products.  Uh huh. Oh, yeah.  Which is very good. You did.  I bought and the box was pretty beat up by the way.  Corn PM.  You picked a beat up box.  They were all kind of beat up in the display.  People handle them all day.  People handle them. Yeah.  So, yeah, you can buy.  There are price tags underneath all the fake items.  How much did the corn PM cost just out of five ninety nine?  OK, and there's no bottle in there or there is.  There's nothing in there. OK, just a box.  So like I think what was the one next to it?  Emergency clams. Oh, yeah.  Yeah. Those I think it's just an empty can. Right.  So I don't know.  I just thought it was a cool like piece.  Some of them get pretty expensive.  Yeah, I didn't I didn't track what was the most expensive.  Now, here's where in an episode where I think the tone will mostly be.  This is cool.  I thought it was really cool and it's cool.  They're doing this. Yeah.  Let me say this early on before you have,  you know, breached the other world and seen like the stuff that this is really about.  I am going through a mega mart and I am looking at these products  and I am thinking, am I am I supposed to be laughing at these  as a like my wrong here?  Am I to like maybe have not been satisfied by like, hey, oh, this one.  Hey, and this one.  And I, I, I kind of let me down.  There was a moment where I'm like, OK, it is a satirical store  with satirical products.  I don't know if I like the general tone of these.  If you're Jason, what you just said was like, I thought it was cool.  I'm just I was like, if I'm supposed to be laughing out loud  at these bizarre products, I am not laughing out loud.  I think I think it was odd.  I think it was like, oh, that's weird. That's odd.  I think I bought that one because I think the phrase corn PM is funny.  Yeah, but I do think that's funny.  They're not all home runs.  It is. But I think it's similar to the way of like, well, there's theme park funny.  There's also art world fun.  Like these are very specific kinds of funny.  These maybe aren't laugh out loud funny. Yeah.  Yeah. But I almost feel like more likely to laugh at theme park funny than this.  Am I nuts? Am I like, is this like cynical, Scott?  I was anybody dying over the.  I don't think you caught me laughing like Rhonda Santus at any of the products.  Ha ha ha. Like I wasn't walking through here.  I think it was like, oh, yes, it's like I know what that original product is.  And I know what they're parroting here.  And I was a I was nodding.  Yes. Well, if that's the intended effect, then I certainly I was nodding.  I see it. I like this.  I like how they made it look like the real thing.  But I don't think I wasn't guffawing.  I was maybe I was more like they have like a the deli section  or where they have like chicken and like meat and there's like tattoos on the meat.  And I was like, oh, that's gross.  That gave me more of a feeling again.  You know, I'm looking I'm you know what I'm looking for.  I'm looking for really get like  messed with a little bit, like where I feel like something's gross  or I feel more of a visceral reaction.  And that was giving me more of what I think  that it was giving me something.  I think bizarre, bizarre color need and what is this?  Yeah. Yeah.  Versus like, lol.  Stuff. Yeah. Stuff is more quietly unnerving.  Yeah. And you're a haunt boy.  You know, you love your haunts, you know.  Well, daddy needs his haunts.  Daddy needs his haunts.  So he wants to be shocked.  But it all can't be super shocking because they're trying to hit a lot of age ranges.  There's a lot. Yes.  It's doing a lot at once, which when you do it,  it's probably doing a lot at once in almost the best way you can.  But you do sacrifice things when you're doing everything,  everything everywhere all at once.  Which is what they're doing in this thing by having it be so nonlinear  for all ages, essentially. Sure.  Yeah. However, I mean, it is crazy that they've  they've managed to do an experience that like comes in tears and that is not  that I think would completely satisfy people who want to do complicated,  immersive experiences. Yeah.  It also can work for a five year old to wander through.  That's that's pretty nuts that they've managed to do something with like  tears and levels.  Well, they got everything in like a B plus or A minus  versus like if I like in my here's where I used to make your point.  Maybe my point is, oh, I was going to say and and dozens of like  fully designed dozens, if not hundreds of fake products,  which not only can you buy, but like, oh, there's a bunch on the shelf.  Like they're all in stock. Oh, yeah.  At least. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  But it's like I don't know why I'm being so negative.  I'm sorry. I'm not being trying not to be negative.  I think I was just I was thinking about like,  hey, look, I bought the new Zelda, which is a great game.  From what I've seen, I'm not playing a lot of games with the baby,  not with the baby, but because of the baby.  It's nonlinear, meaning you just can wander.  You just take Link around, put different clothes on him.  He he he just like welds stuff together with his magic wrist gauntlet.  And then you can throw shit and like climb up shit.  It's really fun.  But as an older man, sometimes I'm just like, just tell me where to go.  Uh huh. Tell me where I should go right now.  But did you feel that here?  Because I liked I really liked that aspect of it.  I was even like we were there with Eva, who's done it before.  And I was almost looking to her like, how do we do it?  And she's like, just go.  And I was like, should we do it all as a group?  But she's no, it's just yeah.  And it is also it's clear that like that'd be weird  if like the what the six of us all like stuck together.  I think yes, I agree that that she told that was the right move  for us all to just sort of break away and go do our own thing.  But I was thinking I was like, OK, what is this better?  Or would I rather in my lazy old man brain sort of just like be shoved in a room,  have one of the actors like have all the music cues and like lightning  or the TV's flicker or whatever, and somebody like just shout something at me  and then throws me in a scary room.  Would I like that more?  And I think I would like it more.  OK. But but you were you're just describing a different thing.  We know you're right. You're right.  You're right. You're describing haunts.  You're chomping at the bit for haunts.  It'll be haunt season soon. This isn't maybe that's what that maybe  that's what dad dad is just wanting.  I think it's weird, actually, that you are.  I understand the feeling that you like if you you get the sense  that this is a like that it's it's surreal and trippy  and that maybe you want a little bit of like you want to get  the get a little shocked, you want to like what you got out of the one room.  Yeah, I understand.  Like that, like it's it's and it's presented as this pleasant  veneer of a store and then but then shit in it is going to fuck you up.  Yeah. But I don't know.  I also just don't think that's what it's.  No, you're right.  Well, I think so close to other things.  That's the only reason my brain was starting like moving it  into like different boxes while I was doing it. Sure.  Also, you can I think you can do what you're describing.  It just takes a little while to figure it out.  Like if you buy that Adam card, you can try to find all the boop stations.  And that's a lot of work.  Track and and listen to the sentence you just said.  That sentence sounded boring to me.  You get the Adam card and get all the boop points.  You can do all all that stuff, but you can also just find all the screens  and the psychedelic part that have the weird movie playing.  And that establishes story.  You can follow story if you want.  Sure, sure. And I did some of I  booped a little bit, I booped here and there.  Sometimes you have to wait in line for teens to finish booping  before you get to boop when it was crowded.  When we were leaving it, it got a lot more crowded.  And I think that was you were seeing the limits of the boop state.  Like the lines were getting very long for the boop station.  And the boop here's what I OK.  Also, when we're talking about booping, so you go.  I actually don't know what booping is.  I didn't do this.  So not just should we say being like when Jason said R  instead of rail being? Yeah, sure.  I think I know boop boop is that was sometimes more confusing.  But it is right now. I also boop.  Yeah. But all right. So what's boops?  So booping is when you take your little card,  which is a regular like credit card size thing or like rewards card,  if that helps like a law, a law, or Landry's reward card.  Larry's. Lowry's. What do they call?  Yeah, well, I have a Larry's. Yeah.  Yeah. So one of those we all have Larry's.  You scan it on a little console and then it gives you like a hint.  And this is this is the add something.  This is that you don't have to have three bucks. Yeah.  And generally it'll give you like a little hint or a clue like,  oh, do this and find this.  And then you get like an achievement.  And this some people like doing this type of thing.  And I was sort of like by the third one, like, OK,  this isn't so fun for me.  And I again, this is a good go back to video games as an older man.  It's like I'm not collecting like a perfect hundred star game for Mario  anymore. That's just not who I am as a player.  I'm more of a guy. I want the experience.  I want to kind of go through it. I want to see all the levels.  I want to feel I want to fight the monster.  I want to fight Bowser.  I want to rescue whoever princess, whoever, or if it's Cappy or if it's Toad.  I don't care. I just want to rescue them.  And I want to be done onto the next game.  I'm an older man who has a limited amount of time.  So brought things, but so Booping felt like, OK, well, OK, yes, I did find.  Oh, go locate the door that's over by the red light.  OK, I did do that.  But that doesn't feel like I'm unlocking this crazy mystery  that involves like aliens and robots and capitalism.  Yeah. Evil family.  That doesn't it doesn't satisfy me in that way, which I actually have never done.  An escape room we know about the Minotaur or whatever.  I wonder if an escape room would drive me nuts now.  That's that's sort of what I was thinking where I'm like,  I've never assumed I will do it.  We'll do it. Maybe if we can do that back at that back of the field.  Oh, let's do it. Yeah.  But I was like, oh, I wonder because some people really like get  get off on escape rooms and stuff and solving things.  It makes them feel like they're areing. Yeah.  It makes them feel like they're areing.  It's that same high or booping.  But yeah, I wonder.  I wonder if like an escape room, I'll sort of go like this  isn't giving me the satisfying feeling it's giving someone else.  Sure. As if you're doing like a high school, like end of the year test  in a limited amount of time, you're doing an SAT.  I don't know. I'm interested to see.  I'm sure all escape rooms are different, but maybe it's just something  I don't like as much as like when we did the Blue Blade.  And it's just like quick, go into this tiny room and hit a button.  And you go, yeah, it feels like I'm doing something.  And it fools my dumb brain into thinking like I'm part of a narrative.  You don't want it.  Well, it also it sounds a little similar to Galaxy's Edge data pad,  which I've never been a fan of.  But that that at least you can hit a button and then like the ship beeps.  Yes. But that's kind of it.  That's the one thing I feel.  No, you're right. It is the one.  Yeah. I don't go to the back to the data pads a lot.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't. Well, it also I mean, also, it's like the way you're describing  doing it doesn't if you were like getting frustrated in the weeds.  That's a bummer because Erin and I just went like,  wow, a big room with a bunch of pink and purple triangles.  This is crazy. I want to hug them.  So I so I'm almost like maybe the optimal way to do this is that first time  is just like no nothing. Yeah.  Feel it. Just feel it. Just be there.  And then I was thinking if if I was in Vegas again and I'd like to be  if I were to get invited to go again  and a group went, then maybe then you like, OK, well, since I've been before  and I don't and I'm not going to have that visceral first time thing again,  maybe trying to understand story.  You're saying I was trying to make it something it's not.  And that is true. But also, I think it's because of booping,  because booping in the screens and like waiting for waiting  for some teens who are trying to boop as well.  That's when I started being like, OK, the story is here.  And you're trying to lead me to places to experience things.  So that's when my brain started being like.  But if you just sort of narratively led me and I experienced it,  I would find it, I think, more satisfying.  And that's just a different preference.  I don't know. How do you feel about escape rooms and like  like doing little busy work, essentially busy work?  Oh, yeah.  I think stars was collecting stars in Mario, collecting all the artifacts  in a video game. I know.  I don't like the like  collect all the stars in a video game.  I was, you know, I was thinking about getting a switch when I move.  And most of the games I bookmarked were like,  it's all the Disney games from Sega.  Like it's all by the Aladdin game from the Aladdin.  It's the Lion King.  Eric's like, well, getting all the scarabs is very sad.  Sure. Yeah.  Do that one.  The both Star Wars, Dark Forces on one card like in those again,  that's like something you need to buy 20 year old.  Yeah, exactly.  They sell the Super Nintendo.  So I mean, to the point where I was like, oh, I guess you got to.  I was like, oh, yeah, I guess.  Yeah, I get Zelda and get a Animal Crossing.  I was like, oh, I guess you got to hook the new systems up to the Internet.  Huh? Like I think you brought it before once it went to.  You were like, oh, yeah, because you play the stuff  where you got to get on the Internet.  And Mike's like, this is a very basic thing that console.  I haven't had a console since PS2.  Jason's trying to play everything on his Apple watch.  I go haywire, records podcast.  So yeah, no, I don't know that I mean, is the first one on Wi-Fi, I guess.  Yeah. Nintendo systems.  I am. I was even like  Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, like there was RPG kind of like  you had to level up and you would get to rinse skills and stuff.  And I'm bad at that shit.  You know, if you had gotten like a PS5 and you were in our crew  during the pandemic, the Grand Theft Auto crew.  Oh, doing the heists and stuff.  Yeah, you were on the heist team with us.  That would have been Jason. Hey, Jason, where are you?  Jason fell asleep in the middle of the night, which by the way, happened to Evan Susser,  which I think I said on the show before the fell asleep.  I was playing just with Susser and I'm talking to him and all of a sudden.  Hello. His character stops moving.  And I'm like, uh, like shooting at his character trying to work.  And I'm like, I think he just fell asleep.  But like, what if he's having like a medical emergency?  I'm like, look, I'm like staring at my phone going, I have his wife's phone number.  It's one thirty in the morning.  Should I wake his wife up?  And then like 10 minutes later, he called you.  Deck, you went to you drove to his house and threw rocks through the window.  Well, yeah, I just was the right thing to do as a friend.  Very great. They have to auto just start to drive over and destroy something.  You know, like did a mission.  Look, Jason, I think you need to get a virtual boy to really start to catch up.  I think just an emulator.  I guess you can't get the new systems yet.  It would be too much of a shock.  I think you need to actually go in sequential order to sort of level yourself up slowly.  Oh, OK. Well, just do a simulator of entering your Wi-Fi  info into the console on a Wi-Fi password entrance emulator.  Yeah. Yeah. So so yeah, we're not we're not collect them all guys, I don't think.  As far as video games, I mean, I had the first Pokemon game and it drove me insane.  I was like, do I have to get all of that?  Which one for the for the Gameboy?  Oh, OK. Gameboy Color.  I think I was playing it on Gameboy Pocket.  I think it was one of the games where it's like, well, you can play it in color,  but you can just play it in black.  Got to catch them all and got to catch them all.  The most stressful sentence.  Oh, terribly stressful.  I liked my I liked my little core guys, but I was like, I can't keep catching.  Who was your guy? Who was your Pokemon?  Um, I think I leveled up Bulbasaur all the way to  past Venus Venus or I got to look at the Pokemon characters.  And I like it. But I was just wondering if you had a Bulbasaur.  I played Pokemon Pinball for a little while, but I don't know.  I just know the color. I like that one.  I know the basics.  I was more of a Spectrobes guy.  Anybody know about Spectrobes?  If any. All right.  There's maybe three listeners who I said that and they're like, yeah, I did.  And I only know I know about Spectrobes because there is a like  one of my jobs at this.  I was like made videos for all these Disney properties at this company  that I worked at and somehow the job I wrangled the job  of singing an original song that named every Spectrobe.  It was all nonsense to me.  I never heard of one of these things.  Was it Disney's rip off a Pokemon? Yeah, yes.  Whoa. I think that's what this was.  Yeah. And there is a song.  I got to find it called Spectrobes Roll Call, maybe.  And it's me singing hair metal style.  All of these like Zekasar, Tazanur.  I'll find the link if I.  Wow. Spectrobes.  It is my it's called Spectrobes Roll Call and it's 450,000 views.  Wow. Really great.  It's my distinct hope that some listener was like,  of course, I know the Spectrobes Roll Calls on the channel Disney Games here.  All right. Wow.  I don't think I can sing that well.  I didn't know that.  Singing again.  I don't think I got those octaves.  Well, I certainly didn't know about your song, but I didn't know about Spectrobes at all.  I knew about Digimon.  I knew Digimon a little.  That's what the other Pokemon called Spectrobes.  Yeah. And then maybe that's a general thing to, you know, where we got through Kingdom Hearts.  But boy, yeah. Hey, shout out to any Spectrobes heads out there.  You know, I'm a Spectrobes supporter.  You should cover the due to my involvement in the franchise.  You should cover like the Bucky O'Hare theme or something.  That seems like, yeah, I don't know the song right in the way.  Just to confirm for anyone listening, Bulbasaur evolves into Ivysaur.  Ivysaur evolves into Venusaur.  OK, you got to Venusaur. I got to Venusaur.  Yeah. OK. And that's your guy.  And that's your guy. He has a big blossom.  Yeah, he's kind of a big guy.  He's got a big flower on his back. Yeah.  Yeah. So, yeah, that's why I say that is, but is the booping felt like, OK,  I see they're trying to like  give the people that want a little more story or a little more of like  a discovery aspect of it, but it felt.  Yeah, it felt like unsatisfying to me.  And I mean, maybe that's just me as a consumer of this stuff.  You need more than like you got directed where to find a piece of paper.  And yeah, yeah, sure.  Did you log into the computers and the corporate headquarters?  I did. Yeah. Yeah.  So there's a lot there.  It seems like it was in high enthusiasm.  That's different than what I'm kind of talking about,  because if you go into the big corporate office,  you can go to one of the computers and you can boop  and then you get access to the desktop and there's all these different videos  and you get the like secret video, like of what happened to the  patriarch of the family.  And you get videos from the daughter who is like kind of the main,  I would say, villain of the whole thing.  And there's a lot of that supplemental material.  I'm not talking about as much as like the kind of tasks,  the random kind of tasks to like earn an achievement on your card.  So this is a whole thing also that, again, you if you're like taking it  at face value, initially, I am in this little cutesy supermarket,  but there'll be occasional little glitches.  All the lights flicker and weird messages are broadcast.  And it implies like something devious going on behind the store.  And then you get behind the store.  And among the things you find are weird, surreal break rooms.  But then like the the test laboratory of the umbrella corporation of the play.  And that's the that's kind of the excuse for a lot of the odd rooms  that you can walk into is that it's like bizarre psychic tests,  which is a really good framing device for then just something trippy  is happening in a room. Yeah.  But that's some of what unfolds back there is the like intrigue  of this corporate umbrella company and how they destroyed this town.  And they what?  And I first let me say I missed all of this well.  Yeah, I completely am just like lights, colors, but that you're  it's it's all about mining this.  This is resource, the source, which then comes from humans.  That's what I mean.  I had to watch videos to I don't think any of it.  But again, I had a good time and I didn't decipher almost any of secondary  secondary to like the just being there and doing shit,  like just trying stuff out.  So, yeah, yeah, yeah.  The source. Yeah.  That almost reminded me when I was in the town, it reminded me of  and I haven't been on it, but I saw the video of Phantom Manor  where you're like all of a sudden in the town at the end,  like it's a broader like it's kind of weird, weird little  podunk Western town that's seen better days in the populations  ticking down and see the you can tell some shit went down here.  Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  Oh, very, you know, a gulch. It's a gulch.  It's a gulch, which gulch.  You have to be a fan of a gulch if you're a theme park fan.  I think you got to love gulches.  Yeah, I love you.  Is there enough gulches for a final four?  A gulch final four.  You have to look up what's actually going for sure.  For sure. Gower gulch might take it all.  The very vaguely Western themed Denny's and CVS.  Yeah, yeah.  Just a strip mall in Hollywood that is like sort of Western themed ish.  Yeah. For their Starbucks and their togos.  Right.  Oh, have I maybe gone to the bathroom at that Denny's, but not eaten there.  Mm hmm.  Yeah, it's all one of the shadiest places on earth.  But yeah, yeah.  But yeah, but if we're talking theming only, then we could figure out gulch.  We have to expand the term maybe or expand the definition a little bit.  But I think of gulch isn't in the name.  And I guess, you know, they got to call itself a gulcher.  I mean, something in Big Thunder versus a gulch, I would imagine.  It's got to be right. It's tumbleweed gulch.  I don't know if there's a different gulch for each of these.  There might be a different gulch for each Big Thunder too.  It might all be different gulch.  All right. Well, we'll take a look.  OK. Well, yeah, we'll do some gulch assessment across the world.  Can't be a real gulch.  Here's something. No, no, no. No real gulchers. Fake gulchers.  Here's maybe something bigger to talk about.  And this this factors into the little preview we got of this place from Gabris.  Let's talk drugs. And I don't mean hot sauce.  It's certainly this place would lend itself to being high as fuck.  Do we think that is the optimal way to do it?  Is it somehow is it somehow better that way?  Do you think maybe, Mike, you're getting your like  sensations are going off a little more.  Maybe you're more likely to get like scared, creeped out, paranoid.  If I was a little high, I would absolutely have felt that. Yes.  Yeah. Certain rooms would be almost like impossible to handle.  Ones that seem fairly tame, just regular.  You could really flash to.  Yes. If I were the tiniest bit high, this would fuck me up.  Yeah, I think so. I mean, it depends.  Yeah. What what type of a drug user you are, I suppose, if you're  if you know how you are high and you like that, I think that's good to do it.  You probably I don't know.  There's some climbing involved.  So if you get like a really high, I could see myself like falling on my face  on a metal stair, which feels like it should happen once a day there.  Yeah, those are some scary.  Yeah, you're not seeing those in a theme park.  Yeah, those are non Disney like approved.  But there's also just a regular flight upstairs by the bathroom.  And also there's stuff you can climb with, like,  you know, step stones and a rope.  I never saw that step stones like like you're kind of climbing like an incline.  No, I'm not.  So this online. Yeah, I haven't seen.  I don't know where it was.  Take those step stones away because when you fell, I don't know.  There's slides, too. There's multiple slides.  I didn't know that were slides.  I mean, I knew what I was looking at, but I thought, oh, that's clever.  They used pipe.  They use slides to simulate big like sludge pipes.  Didn't know they were practical slides.  Could you open them and slide down because they look like they were closed?  The ones I saw maybe they were closed.  They might have been closed.  Videos you can watch show like an attendant.  I waterpark style.  Maybe they were not.  And I went, those are slides for sure.  But there's they're blocked off because now we're in full adult discovery zone.  I would love some slides.  Do you think you think you review it like one grade higher?  Yes. You go on one slide.  And if I climb whatever these things Jason's talking about, if you get this  climb, the step stones. Yes. Yes.  I do think that Jason, I turn to you.  What what condition were you in that day?  Oh, stone colds.  I mean, tired from the desert, just sapping any energy.  OK, didn't know if you could give us any any big blunt.  He's not Mr.  Drugman anymore.  That's not his persona.  I know. I'm back.  I am just right when we found the big blunt in.  Now we can't. I know.  Mr. Blazing Big Blunts isn't blazing big blunts.  I know. Stone Cold Sober.  I I we went to a dispensary after this.  Oh, you did. Yeah.  Just to grab a couple joints for Jane.  More for Jane, less for me.  I don't really like being high around people.  And I certainly don't like being high, navigating stairways  and crowds and secret passage.  Like, I don't think I would be having a good time because you also have to like  I did. There was like a get an entrance pass,  which I got because I didn't have the tickets.  And but they were just letting everyone in.  They hadn't activated that.  But there were so many signs about entrance pass to the bag check.  This is just this is just to get into area 15.  OK, like when we first walked up, there were signs about scan this.  Get your entry pass.  I think when it gets really crowded, they limit the number of people  going into the whole wall.  Yeah, because we didn't need that.  Yeah, we need you can't let you're not be able to handle the scanning of passes.  If you're if you're super blazed, let alone I don't.  I mean, I can, but that's all I can do.  Like I was just monofocus.  So, yeah, I don't think it would be ideal.  I was already spending time in area 15 trying to find.  I found the answer on Yelp, trying to find the E.  Mack and Bollio ice cream parlor, which I found out closed at some point.  It is not open anymore in area.  If you if you had blazed and then found out that an ice cream place had closed.  Oh, that's a psychic depression.  I would have just been I was already like, I guess I'll settle for a boba tea.  Like, you know, I but yeah, drugs and then now you're Brian Wilson.  Now you're in bed for three years.  Yeah, I would do it.  I don't I don't really.  Yeah, we doesn't agree with me, but I guess I would do it before doing this again.  I mean, I'm interested to know what would it unlock?  What dimension with fifth dimension, the sixth dimension?  I think I think the thing to do is get into area 15, eat an edible  and then slowly make your way through a low level, really low level edible.  I'm going to have to do some testing before that.  There's some crack.  There's a good brand of crack that are pretty good.  Oh, crap. Yeah.  That is what it said.  There's a good brand of crack.  Jason reveals on this episode that he's not doing marijuana anymore, but he is  smoking crack.  Oh, yeah.  I'm going to crack like these barbecue crackers we like.  And it's THC and CBD.  Yeah. Interesting.  It's really nice.  It's not like a crazy concoction of Omega Mart.  That's not a bizarre product you'd find on their show.  So that something like that, I think, would be chill enough, you know.  But you do have to.  It gets very crowded.  It can get very crowded in here.  The nice thing is you just go to another room.  I want to do it alone.  I want to do it very high and alone.  Jesus. Why? What are you?  You just said that you doesn't agree with you.  So you're going to be solo.  Like, take a lift over there.  Well, yeah, I guess you're right.  And then you have to.  Yeah, but I guess this is a recipe for disaster.  I mean, this is like now you live there.  Now you spent like you just like hide in the locker room.  I spend the night.  If somebody from Omega Mart is listening and they want me to come there,  I will do two hours alone.  I will. I will do all the puzzles.  I will collect all the things or I'll boop and my heart to my heart.  Your your offer is to be given free admission, which you will not share.  OK, you will. You will pay.  But you must have not buying it out, though.  You're generous. No, no, no.  Yes, your generous offer is to do it by yourself for an unaccompanied two hours.  Do you like now? Wolf, are you listening?  Yes. Are you listening?  Well, we're going to unpay while this so they can hear it.  This feels like trying to play a game on expert.  Do you like to be high in public? No.  Oh, yeah, I don't. I don't either.  I unless it's a movie, if it's like going into a movie, like I agree.  I had a great time taking a weed blueberry and then going to see Book Club.  That was a great alone.  I'll say now that you're now that we're thinking about this.  And the reason I answer so quickly is because I've literally like  experienced this like eight times in my life, maybe maybe a little more or a little less.  Here's actually what I'm thinking.  I actually think I can function a little bit better high  in public or doing things than I can alone, because I actually think I get weirder  if I'm not doing anything, because I've said this before, like if I'm alone  in that and like I'm a little high, I will find myself sort of just in a stress  position in the corner of the room, like charging my phone.  Like I remember the one of the last times I did it.  I remember just going, you're like crouched in an area of the house.  Just like relax and go over to the couch.  And like I keep consciously saying, relax, relax.  Like this is this is fine.  And I think I think almost being in public makes me  forces me not to be like that.  So I think maybe it would be better if I was alone in Omega Mart.  Wait a minute. But you just said alone is bad.  How is alone in the scariest place ever when you're high?  OK, my apartment, although maybe you would find me crouched by a big art  installation with my phone plugged in somehow.  You're in it. You're you're just in a place where scary announcements are made  and unsettling ambient music is playing nonstop.  And and there's creepy stairwells.  Yeah, this seems like a recipe for success.  I do the X. I may throw up the X and they'd have to come pull me out or something.  It sounds like you need a buddy.  Like it sounds like you need someone sitting at the bar in area 15,  like fiddling with their phone, waiting for your who is giving me tips.  Like if you are like a Luther for Mission Impossible, who's kind of good.  Yeah. Yeah. Like a man in a chair.  Like I think sometimes when people do psychedelics, there's someone  there sober just to watch them, just to guide them.  And it sounds like that's what you need for your Omega Mart experience.  Well, there will be employees, though, in there will be employees.  They're still there.  So like I can interact with them because I did see a few people  interacting with the employees and the employees are not doing like a big  performance, but they will in character give information.  Yeah. So when you like crawl up to one on your knees and say,  is there a corner where I could plug my phone in?  I need to charge. It's not charged.  I think they are a character.  They'll answer in character, like help people out.  But you can be a little weird about it.  You know, you can be a little weird who I can be employees.  I'm saying I think the employees are encouraged, like be helpful, help people out.  But you know, weird.  Here's a question.  And we'll go back to that.  My scenario that will come true eventually, I hope about being alone and high.  Your exclusive guided tour.  Mike's Mike's ideal high sounds like taking two puffs off a joint  and immediately walking into the chill out tent, like being fully prepared to like  to calm down, you know, maybe I just once every, you know, couple of years,  somebody goes, oh, you're doing the wrong thing, man.  You're not doing it right here.  Let me give you these mints.  And I go, OK.  And then I try the mint and five minutes later, 10 minutes later,  I'm in the corner charging my phone.  I think my friend, my  my tails in this neck of the woods are identical to yours.  Yeah. And I just I turned a corner a number of years ago where I was like,  I have to put up the white flag.  This is not for me. Yeah.  I want it to be for me very much.  But what is this doing for me that white wine isn't going to do?  That is my weed. Yeah.  I think I think there's no shame in it.  I think if I don't if it's if it's a number of false starts  and it's dependent on I don't and may again,  maybe the elusive barbecue cracker might be the maybe the crackers of the key.  But if not that I think you try crackers and if not that you quit the whole deal  and you do it with pride, it doesn't matter.  It is not puts you to sleep.  You know, worse case that's the out.  Well, I like that. I would like to go to sleep.  But here, let me ask you this, Jason.  Yeah, we've talked about this before when we did the delirium, the blue blade.  Yeah. Tried to interact with the performers in a way they were not comfortable with  by like doing your own dialogue.  Make me sound like a sleazebag.  No, no, you weren't being appropriate.  You were just saying I was trying to answer it.  It sounds like the like the guy is like, oh, hello, Cinderella.  Well, well, can I be a prince charming?  This was not. Yeah.  Hey, Nazi lady. Good to see you.  I don't agree with everything, but I agree with those eyes.  I think I can fix you.  I think I can denazify you. Yeah.  What? What is your question?  My question is.  And then your original question we'll get back to.  I don't remember my.  Yeah, well, I was just going to say, because these performers,  they're the people that were working there, weren't doing like big monologues,  but they were in character.  Did you do any banter with any employees trying to be in character?  I asked one of them, do they know where the ice cream parlor is?  They said, I don't really know what's out there.  I like. And I. In Omega Mart.  In Omega Mart.  But they were in the character of the world.  Well, I didn't know how in character.  I only been in there for like 20 minutes to that point.  You didn't realize. On your way.  You were still starting the experience.  No, we were upstairs in a little like hang out nook.  There was a couple of screens.  But you would you had done some of the trippy things  and you were in a trippy alternate dimension.  I wasn't. You wait a minute.  Let me finish. OK.  You ask, where is the actual ice cream place outside of this?  You are deep and you're supposed to be immersed.  And then like it's bizarre fake food.  And they're like, but what about real ice cream for my tummy?  This person was mostly opening a door that led from a stairway.  And they were just making sure people didn't get like.  But they had their lab coat on.  They still had like a lab coat, like an Omega Mart lab coat.  I don't they had the Omega Mart like apron on like everyone else.  OK, like some people like a lab coat, some people more of an apron on.  Yeah. So it's like if I were to go into Disneyland and I met like Bell  and I said, Bill, hey, where's the wind?  No, I didn't even harbor.  I hadn't interacted with any employees.  I didn't know they were doing a bit yet.  I thought she was so focused on like letting people in and out of this door.  I didn't. I just adore Jockey.  She can tell me where the ice cream is.  If I went to Universal and I asked Lucille Ball, I asked her where the nearest Landry's.  Also, I didn't know if that answer was like, I don't know what's going on  in the outside world or like, I really don't know this place that well outside.  And so they said, I don't know.  But they could have been in character saying they don't know.  It is entirely possible. Yeah. Interesting.  Well, that's something we need to do in the second time, too, is see  how much they know about the outside world.  So ask if they know where the Wendy's is in the nearest when he's a White Castle  in Vegas next time to see what the reality is outside of the Mart.  Do you know how far along the water burger they're going to build next to the Waldorf  Astoria? Who knows that?  I don't know. I just it's just breaking.  I just learned about it recently.  They're getting a water burger on the strip.  Well, I'm very excited about that.  I'm just saying that's where the Wendy's is.  More people might know.  What is Tillman for Tito's project?  And how is the for Tito project coming along?  I think I think any run of the mill person obviously can answer that question.  Yeah, it does.  I feel like we've encountered that the public is absolutely is aware of Tillman  for doing the three.  Yeah.  Well, look, it's all we're saying.  You customize your experience.  You do it. However, you go into whatever room you want.  And if you want to 20 minutes in, ask where the ice cream's at.  You can do that.  That you did a mega mart your way.  I love it.  And I did you do it in like a 50s voice or anything?  No, no, I was just more curious because I hadn't seen it.  We had kind of done a lap ran into Evo's bathroom.  And then I was like, oh, I didn't see the ice.  All the rocket phase. I didn't see the ice cream.  Let's quickly talk about the rocket phase.  You went to the rocket phase.  There was a rocket phase in the whole facility.  It's not part of Omega Mart.  And in case in case some crazy person doesn't know what a rocket  fizz is, of course, I was going to explain.  Rocket fizz used to be in Burbank, and it was a place where you could get  a bunch of fun sodas and bottles or fun candies.  And they had a bigger selection of candies, some from other countries,  just some retro candy.  Yeah, some things you don't necessarily see in a CVS or you couldn't  get for free with a three or four dollar coupon, which I, by the way,  have been getting three dollar coupons lately from.  I've been getting three dollar coupons, too, and they're very inconsistent.  It's a draw.  Yeah. So no one's winning tonight.  No one wins tonight.  Although I haven't checked actually what I got a couple of days ago.  That rocket fizz.  So I saw a rocket. Oh, shit.  Rocket fizz. I haven't been in a rocket fizz in a while.  I went over there.  Too tiny. Not a great selection.  It's really small. Yeah.  And I was really let down.  So this was definitely the low point of the whole experience was that  this was a small like satellite location rocket phase,  almost like an airport kiosk rocket to rocket.  Right. Exactly. Like Chili's too. Yes.  So that's that's a true negative.  Everything else I'm saying is sort of nitpicky or like just things  I was kind of wishing for.  But this one, I was like area 50, the area 15 organizers should be ashamed  of the subpar rocket fizz. Yeah, because rocket fizz to me is  is about possibilities, is about endless possibilities.  And this rocket fizz is about a very finite amount of choices.  And why even try?  Why even I got the name soda?  I got a bottle of grape soda.  And it's and now I still gave I still give money to your business.  But I spit on the general idea of you not alone.  Yeah, I didn't spit on your floor.  Hardworking people have to clean that if I didn't want to add to the mess.  But it's theoretically, hypothetically, metaphorically,  I spit on the idea of your store.  So I was I don't know.  Jason went and obviously he felt the same way,  but he wasn't quite as upset as I was, I guess,  because he was thinking about ice cream and he wasn't worried about the candy.  Yeah, no. I hadn't had any food that day either. So.  Oh, wait, you had food at all that day.  The full stump of the room.  I'm just trying to go.  You hadn't had food at all that day.  So you started off with a grape soda.  Sure, Vegas, baby. OK.  Yeah, who I don't even recognize Vegas, Mike.  100 percent different than regular Mike.  Yeah. My first meal a day is a grape soda from a bottle.  Delicious grape soda, by the way,  which they don't have at the Vegas White Castle I went to.  That's a like a White Castle tradition is getting grape soda,  which is very rarely carried at fast food places.  Now it is with free Coke freestyle machines.  But in general, you're not getting grape soda at McDonald's.  You're not getting grape soda Burger King.  But White Castle always would have it and at least has it in the Midwest.  And that was a shock to me because I had I asked,  even though I didn't see it on the menu, I asked.  And they said they don't have it.  And that was really like that started the trip off on a bomber,  even though I then drove to the sphere and I felt better  because I saw the sphere.  When you when you were saying all that, I like a cartoon like turning you into it.  I was hungry and turning you into a big chicken leg.  I just I just turned you into Andy Rooney.  You just fully. Yeah.  The voice went up.  You you you lost a foot or so.  Yeah. Yeah.  I honestly even lost me for a second.  I was like, what is it talking about?  The White Castle experience, grape soda, White Castle experience.  This is an experience.  This is a a themed experience for one.  And it's the one person who's talking about it knows what I'm talking about.  So again, again, White Castle head like I am.  This came up a little bit in the live show, which a lot of listeners have not heard yet.  But so your first night in Vegas, you were in Las Vegas.  You are single.  You are hot to trot.  I'm not. You are not not.  No, no. Yeah. You're you're flying solo.  Yeah. I haven't haven't been in a long time.  But I know, kid, none of the, you know,  none of the responsibilities that come with that.  All right. What do we do?  But what's my hangover weekend?  Ultimate Vegas fantasy going to be?  Drive to a White Castle.  Get upset about soda selection.  Then stare at a concert venue that is not open yet.  You got to go to bed.  You got to think, though, also, what I'm what's happening, too,  is I'm driving straight from San Diego Comic Con.  Sitting shotgun are my Ninja Turtles three figures  and my Keno from Secret of the U is our Arieas Junior figure as well.  So I got them right there.  I'm excited about them.  I don't think this applies to the drive, but did that help you in a carpool lane?  They're not.  They're only like one 12th scale.  So it wasn't going to pass for if you got pulled over,  the highway patrolman would take out a tape measure and measure their size.  That happens. Yeah. Maybe full size.  They were a quarter.  Maybe my size, Barbie, but not it was quarter scale.  It was hot toy size, one sixth scale.  At least the detail on those are human features.  So I understand why you thought you could get away with this.  But these are one 12th.  These you can't really spot there.  They're the features from a police cam.  So unfortunately, I'm happy to give you a ticket.  If I pull you over again and you aren't and riding shotgun is not the real Ernie  Reyes Jr., then I'm afraid that's jail for you.  Yeah, he comes with his scooter, too, which is also a quarter.  Excuse me, a 12th scale or 10th scale.  I forget. So, yeah, so that's I went to White Castle.  It took forever.  At one point, an ambulance with its lights on blocked us all  in in the drive through, which was a little intense, I will say.  But the White Castle was taking completely forever.  So it was that was it was it was it somebody  going to rescue somebody who had had one bite of White Castle?  If it was their first time, yes, because they haven't been vaccinated  like I have at a young age.  They haven't had theirs.  Their intestines lined yet. Yeah.  I was with onion goo. Right.  When I was one years old, I had my round of three shots.  And I was my inoculations for White Castle.  So now my body understands it and accepts it with no problem.  No weird bowel movement at all.  You know, no problem.  I have a feeling that would I think I mean, any fast food  folks me up at this point, but I think why then White Castle would be a  I think it'd be a blowout.  I think you I think you got organs on the outside of my head.  It one time when I didn't my body did not know what to make.  I didn't grow up with it.  So I had it in Tennessee and it really I just it like  I don't it was like eating a newspaper to me.  It didn't make any sense.  And you have a view of I given you the freezer ones.  I think I don't know if you've given them to me.  I think I've had the freezer ones before.  I've never had the restaurant.  Yeah, the freezer ones are almost entirely accurate.  They're almost the exact same.  So you had the holes in the in the patties.  I think so. OK.  They steam the steam the patties.  That's the difference. That's kind of their thing.  You both really love turning to me and saying that you like the look  Scott in the eye.  It's a it's a go to Mark Summers unwrapped.  I feel like so like a go to Food Network show.  Steamed. Yeah, that's why they kind of are weird and soggy.  Is that they're steamed and they go on top.  Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  The actual steamed is that is it onions and then the patty  and then the buns are on top and then they open the bun and put everything in.  Is that right?  I actually don't know the order of there's a pickle, there's onions.  And then if you want the cheese.  Oh, I mean, prep when they need to.  There needs to we need to find like a hot drink style.  Rap. Yeah.  We have many employees out there.  What the proper order is.  Yeah. So, yeah, no, I did that Friday night,  but I was tired from the long drive and I was already it was hot, you know,  and I was I was conserving my energy to to entertain the people the next night.  I wanted to bring the energy to suppress your grape soda rage or else it would.  Yes, but I would get it a rocket fizz, but in a disappointing way.  That's not a good weekend for grape soda.  Yeah. What's like big stuff about this that we need to mention  before we move on from this?  There is there are 750 minutes of original music in the whole thing done  by so many different composers.  And I had no idea until after we did it.  Brian Eno, there's Brian music in this thing.  In the room, I thought was incredible.  The I saw it just called the projection room or the it's like projected.  Like it's it's projections on Ra.  It's like a canyon.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So with the with the Gulch,  essentially like one of the particularly coolest areas.  Yes. Apparently what a cool person to reach out to.  Very cool. Beach House did music for one of my other favorite.  I really like the it's like pink and purple triangles.  Yes. Very Epcotty.  It's very spaceship earthy.  And I thought the music was cool and the music was was Beach House.  And one thing that I was kind of alluding to this at the beginning,  but I really I really like how,  you know, you talk about transitions in theme park  world and going from land to land or room to room.  And it's all like cacophonous.  But it but the fact that it's it is also ambient and  like you just never feel like a hard boy.  I walked through that tunnel or out that door and it just that seemed like harsh  and those things didn't match it like all.  Yeah, yeah.  Like if you do it over the course of an hour or more, it's it does.  Like one big walkthrough just feels like one full long piece  that makes sense, even though there's tons of different aesthetics  all happening at the same time.  There's a lot of like invisible stuff or not so invisible stuff  going on to like ease you into different areas that you probably just take for  like they're there to make you take it for granted that you're being transitioned  into like a pretty different.  Yeah, I'd be very interested to see like the  operations side of like running all this.  Like what's the manual for turning all this stuff on at the beginning of the day?  You know, really, it's so many different components.  And I yeah, I the making of it, it's almost impossible to  wrap your head around.  And the fact that everything is kind of done, like there are just lots of tours  within all of these pieces.  So how do you begin?  How do you figure out this layout to make sure everybody's got their space  and it all makes sense together and there's a flow to it?  And just a big empty canvas.  How do you begin to tackle that and figure it out?  And some stuff I think is still being worked on.  Like some stuff like the story stuff, I don't know that there's.  I feel like Eva was alluding to like there might not be an ending yet.  Oh, sure. Right. Yeah.  That's what I was on. Like I was looking at reddits.  There's a closed Reddit to like spoilers for this basically.  But like I had to sign up to get in there.  Oh, I didn't do it.  So but then also people would be like, yeah, they're like still like  they don't know what the ending is.  And we've sort of said that we haven't really talked about the story  not that it's even that important to like your experience.  Yeah. But it's like, yeah, like a evil.  Walton's essentially like Walmart family, the Dram family, the family.  And like the father goes missing and the daughter takes over  and she seems pretty possessed and she's like experimenting on people.  And there's aliens and robots.  And it's a big capitalism thing.  It's a whole I mean, I don't want to say it  in a too dismissive of a way because like it's really well done.  But you are like, oh, I get it.  It's this is like a evil life force that's sitting behind a corporate chain.  A friendly for public face. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  And that that like I was worried that it was going to feel surface like.  Yes, I was too. Yeah.  Initially, like in the store part,  because I was so many of what comes like, you know, transcends that.  Yeah, yeah, because everything is so well done that it's like, yeah,  I get it, but good, fine. Mm hmm.  Which happens sometimes.  Like I've said this, is it the third season of The Boys or second season  of the show, The Boys and like Homelander is like the crazy, evil superhero.  And man, is it like one to one Trump?  OK, like it's just Trump.  And you're like, I've seen this before.  But then you're like shows really good, though.  Like that happens sometimes where I'm like, yes, this is very obvious  what this is, but you are doing a really great job.  So it's fine.  We all know when we've seen something, you go, oh, it's this.  Yeah, it's one to one or it's.  And you would say the same or you'd say the same thing about any other  villain who is alluding to Trump over the many great villains we've.  Oh, I see the fictional characters, you mean that are basically just doing Trump.  What a great time for art.  Everything they said and punk rock at all.  Yeah, all came true.  Punk rock is Green Day release a new album.  Speaking of dying, dying to know a little bit of Trump stuff.  What do you think about Trump?  I'm sure that'll be maybe next.  They don't like him, do they?  I think they don't like him.  I think they did release one a couple of years ago,  but I don't think it's as politically charged.  I can't remember. Well, then when they're new, when their new piece,  American greed, my stir drops.  Maybe that'll maybe that'll finally fuck up his 2024 chances.  I think it will. They should do a DeSantis song.  So, yeah, so so it's this story and like, I don't.  Yeah, I don't know if you guys there's anything else you need to talk about with it,  but it's like it's you get at least the broad strokes of it  versus actually knowing like detail plot by plot, which you can find if you boop enough  and you go to all the stations and then if you look at redhead  and then go back and boot to the stations, then I think you can get an actual  like kind of linear story of what happens with the family  and what the actual mystery and the alien stuff.  But I don't know that there's anything we were talking about before this,  where you were saying like, you want to spoil and I was like,  I don't know that there's anything like so like crazy.  I don't know. There's like not like a Luke.  I'm your father moment in this area other than just like, oh, it was  the aliens from Saturn or something like, you know, just go in one of the doors.  Yeah, I shudder to think if somehow you didn't know if you missed that  and we're just like, oh, why did I pay sixty five dollars for a store? Yeah.  Yeah. It's a silly store, but still there.  I think at this point, there's been so there's so many fake commercial.  There's a Willie Nelson fake commercial. Yes.  But I feel like in terms of spoilers,  I think just the visual like marketing and like the pictures that have been released,  like, oh, yeah, there's a bunch of other rooms like that.  Yeah, you gotta find them.  But it's it's really not I I like that it wasn't super difficult  to like, sure. Yeah.  What do we have to figure this out?  And then like Jane and I went through the freezer,  the drink freezer, and I thought that was just a little ice cream.  Or was that just because you know, no, just by going,  I just saw people coming in and out of it.  And I thought, oh, maybe this is a little room because I and then that opened up  into everything. I was like, oh, this is the psychedelic stuff.  I went into like the server room first, which is over towards the right of that.  Oh, OK. I thought that was a good way to start because it kind of just  it gives you like nefariousness.  Yeah. There was the nice, friendly store.  But now this is very creepy and, you know, sort of like a 70s,  like, you know, it feels like it's like a 70s CIA office.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  But then like to it, I feel like I got to do it in backwards or like it  the way just the path I took, it got bigger, trippier, more surreal as I went.  Right. I feel like I might have been disappointed if I ended in creepy computer room.  Yeah, there's a tip.  Go look for that that is a T-shirt way to go up is maybe a good way to do it.  You know, it's actually more important than even I think than the boxes being so funny  or anything is just the sheer amount of detail of work and detail.  Doesn't even matter if everything's that funny or interesting or good.  Like if you read it, it just matters that you look at things and go work went into it.  Yeah, that's actually so much more graphic design.  Or really realistic.  Like if you squint, it seems like real products that like Tokyo Disney.  See, that's like everywhere you look, you go, there's some somebody wrote a little blurb here.  You don't even need to read it.  You just know that that's a written thing.  You feel it when you're walking around, which I think is sort of the.  The big thing with Omega Mart is just that you can feel it.  You can feel the sheer amount of work.  Yeah, that's in there.  And people like, yeah, passion projects left and right.  So many of them.  Yes. So it's like that ultimately is like the star of it is just the effort.  Yeah. Yeah. All of it.  Worse is like, oh, is the story like so amazing?  Sure. Or is it something that's like because like some  some of the stuff without all that like context, a couple of the things  where you climb up, like there's a third.  Did you climb to the third level?  I missed it until the very end.  Oh, I don't even know if I did to climb up kind of a catwalk.  Yeah. Yeah.  Small area. Yeah.  But you go up there and really all it was was like you hit a button  and like a beat starts and you hit another button and like, oh, you're playing  like a little synth.  And I'm like, this is like a children's museum.  This is like a fun little thing to do it like a kids museum or whatever.  Did you play the musical like laser beams?  Yeah, a little bit like the red lasers.  Yeah.  And the one thing like a kid science museum or something.  Yes. But you're like the effort around everything else, obviously, lifts  all of that. But that kind of has like a weird ambient noise in the room  where I was like, am I going to do something if I touch and it's like,  oh, it's playing music.  Yes. And maybe there is.  I'm sure there's something I missed or you.  But it wasn't. I don't think if you like played the right thing and unlocked  like a clown alien that came out of the ground.  Yeah. But yeah, look, I liked it.  I like it. It's cool.  And I think a lot. Yeah.  Like I think it fits this.  It fills a void.  Love Vegas and was really excited to be back.  I think there's certain windows you have where like,  all right, I don't I am like wiped from last night.  I don't I want to do something that isn't a lavish, crazy meal.  Yeah. Or getting drunk or what or gambling.  I want to just do something weird.  This definitely like fills that void and all the very 15, I think, fills that void.  Yeah. Very nicely.  Just a thing to do that you can't do back in L.A.  or wherever you're from.  There's a lot down in the arts district, too, that I've never even said,  like microbreweries, pizza places like there is there's like a motel  that was restored and like like cleaned up.  But it's not a motel.  It's like every room is a different little boutique.  That's cool. Like there's there's all this cool,  weird stuff in different parts of Vegas off the strip.  I think we did this at the wrong time of day also,  because we did it like it was still 11.  It wasn't like we woke up so early for it.  But we did the show the night before.  And I was definitely like a little tired. Yeah.  I kind of feel like maybe if you have a couple of cocktails  and you do it at like three or four, like right before dinner.  Yeah, that might be the optimum time to do it.  You got a little more energy.  I think you're maybe feeling crowded.  I believe that's probably that's the idea.  And then you go all that and then you have like a meal after that.  I feel like that's especially because also the bar and the bars a little hidden.  And now they even knew about that.  Datamosh is the name of it.  And it's all all the drinks are made of like  like cleaning materials.  That's the idea. That's the theme of it.  So she she gets a drink made in front of her where it looks like it's being sprayed  by just like, you know, some like soap bottle.  But and then a huge bubble is laid on top of it that grew so tall.  It was the craziest science experiment.  And then it burst and then smoke came out of it.  I'm a sucker for little Donald mixology shows like that.  So bar seemed super cool.  I just wasn't I wasn't ready to drink yet.  So you're right. There might be like a  yeah, I think you may be.  Yeah, you knock a few back.  You get a couple of barbecue crackers if you feel so.  But I think you got.  Yeah, I think you go into the night like kind of juiced up a little more than  because like you just did analyzing the experience and sure.  I have a big meal and then you go and you go to a douchey night pool party or  something. Practically, I'll say this.  We Scott, you're right to buy the tickets online in advance  because there's one line to buy tickets and you have to wait to get it.  So you want to skip a line to wait in by your ticket advance.  Sure. And then you just go right up.  And they're not they're not too strict on the start times.  Yeah, I do think we missed something in area 15, though.  And maybe this is for the next time we go.  This this was, you know, when we threw it out like, hey, we haven't locked  all of our Vegas topics.  What would you like to hear about?  Friend of the show Bugmane Buzz Buzz posted the phrase Smokers  Pokus. Oh, no.  And I wanted to I was like, what's up with Smokers Pokus?  Something made up. Is that a joke?  No, Smokers Pokus is a thing in in that area.  Here is a cool high rabbit coming out of a hat.  Oh, no. Is it a big blunt?  Oh, is that a lounge? Is it smoking?  No, no, no, no, my friend.  Oh, OK.  Hope. Think about the phrase that it's alluding to.  This is a high magic show is what this is.  I wanted to see that now that you say it, I want to see that.  The oh no is because you didn't get to do it.  I thought your own was because it exists.  No, I like that.  I showed you the bunny and you said, oh, no.  Oh, bad that we didn't see it.  Well, yeah, it could have been a night of dank debauchery,  a spectacle packed with tokes, jokes and tricks.  This couple of those rhymes.  Another last one.  Jars of Bud will appear.  Lighters will come to life and bongs will bend reality.  I mean, oh, man.  Yeah. Yeah. Well, hey, fuck this up.  Bug tried to tell us.  I don't know.  But he in the show.  Yeah, he's been doing a residency.  Oh, he's got a resident in house in house rapper for Smokers Pokus.  Well, yeah. Hey, next time around.  If we if we're staying on this thing or hey, you're going back, maybe a pregame.  Oh, yeah, maybe you two with a little smoke is focused.  Yeah. Then see how that sphere hits you.  So see. Yeah.  Jason, what do you think?  Will you get back into weed to become a magician?  I didn't say it was totally off.  I was just I was scaling back.  OK, scaling back.  That's scaling back from my.  Yeah. Quarter a joint a week to one.  The one. Yeah.  When you're dealing with this paranoid corner mongers,  I'm the. Yeah, yeah.  Bocchorus one.  I was I will say, and I don't I know it takes more work than I'm willing to put into it.  I was like, oh, what could we what could a podcast, the right omega Mart look like?  Or what could a me a wolf podcast?  The right. I mean, it's it's we've said this.  I've said this before six years in.  I'm it makes me sick to my stomach that no one's reached out to have us  design a theme park ride or something.  It's ridiculous. Sure.  It should have happened by now. Sure.  No, you add. And just to put on the scope more or less upset than the grape soda  at and the general state of rocket.  Well, grape soda is like an institution for White Castle in my mind.  So that actually these are actually I can make it matter.  Issues. These are two different things.  Yeah, yeah. But that rank them then poor general poor quality of rocket fizz.  Lack of grape soda at White Castle are nonpresence in theme park building.  Right. So much has come true with the theme park that I thought might happen.  And that is not.  And but now that I'm asking me, they probably have their own people.  They're going to, you know, make their own stuff.  But I was you seem to have hundreds of people.  Yes. I don't know if they need the help, but they probably don't.  But I was like, well, we could do our own.  We could make our own immersive at the very least.  Doesn't have to be as intensive as this one.  But well, all we need is 50000 square feet.  Yes. If we could get that much, I guess we'd have to maybe do it far away from L.A.  It seems like it would probably be harder to rent a bunch of space here.  But maybe you don't know somewhere along the way.  You're more. Well, yeah, they got in your mo.  Yeah. So we'll put your mo on the map.  Yeah, we could. Yeah, sure.  There's a lot of land.  So I don't want to call a shot that we're going to do this, but  maybe in twenty twenty eight, when we do Space Mountain year,  we can also do some sort of immersive like this with a deep narrative.  And it's mostly about capitalism.  You can do there's stuff you can do on every screen.  You can experience what it's like to be playing GTA with a sleep.  Evan Susser.  It really were.  He really he really doesn't respond. Right.  Mike Soda Fountain room.  And it's just a soda fountain of just fully functioning grape sodas.  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  It's like a weird, surreal like dummy of Mike just smiling.  So why his smile is like three feet long?  None of them are broken. They all work.  We have to keep that up, though.  Who needs maintenance?  You know, yeah.  Well, that's an issue for the DWP of your mo.  OK, that's true.  You get the best people putting those pipes in, making sure there's ever flowing  grape soda. Yeah. Yeah.  And it's a place for you to live.  Jason's weed room where you can watch him take a tiny puff once a day.  Take a tiny puff and do not fucking look at it like take a tiny puff  and look real quick and then get out.  And he's watching book club on the couch.  And watching.  Got a boot up club, too.  You know, you get in there and then he goes, get the fuck out of here.  And you just turn around and you leave.  But if you put your ear up to the door, you can hear him saying,  Joan, Mary, what were you saying?  Andy Garcia, really?  He's he's still charms.  He's still a charmer.  I still got it.  Oh, and he's Andy Garcia.  Sure. Andy Garcia.  I'd go I'd go on a personal flight with him anywhere.  Where does Diane Keaton get all these wonderful outfits?  Oh, the outfits.  Coastal grandmother.  Oh, she's the ultimate coastal grandmother.  That was a trend for a while.  That was a term someone invented.  All right. I'm calling it.  You survived. You survived.  I think I think I am.  I think this is I think this is my exit back to the.  Weird. You survived podcast, the Red Sin City Nights.  Thanks for subscribing to the Fremont gate.  We're going to delve this week.  Later this week, we're going to get a little 90s again back on the main strip.  But here on Patreon, if you want to dig even deeper, join us on our high roller  tier club three, where you get one more bonus episode every month  and our regular episodes ad free as just voted on late breaking.  A landslide victory for this is something that's lived entirely in Club Three.  If you didn't hear the Sin City Nights episode there with my wife,  Aaron, the designer of the logo, we got to hear all of Jason's tales  about working in college food service college dining hall.  And now what what this has led to is that the next Club Three episode  will be tales of this and this big story that Mike has alluded to.  Only the club three.  This is like an entire this.  This is like the the the boop of.  Yeah, people.  People have not done the add on.  It's the same amount, right?  Three dollars. Three dollars.  Well, this is the same thing.  OK, so by the if you really want to get the full Sin City Nights  experience, the full pockets, the right experience, get that boop.  Make sure you boop your way.  So you hear Mike's big story, which seems like it involves him  failing to are.  For sure, I did not are  there was no areing, no areing happening at all.  Yes, that's coming soon.