 Warning, the intro to this episode is being recorded from an actual loud  douchey Vegas pool party. Hey yeah, this is Podcast The Ride!  Yo, it's DJ MacFisto, we're here on Podcast The Ride The Second Gate, y'all, let's make  some noise, yeah!  Yeah.  Hey!  Morton Moore is coming.  My YouTube is about to play one minute of like ambient noise to put a baby to sleep.  Anyway, yeah, yeah, DJ Sheridan is here in the house, he's soaked to the bone with adrenaline  and water and Red Bull.  Yo, I'm just excited for the listeners who hit play and then started driving a car when  that started going off.  What do you mean? They were driving like they got so hyped up?  Driving off the road.  Oh, they drove off the road, oh, of course.  That's okay, man, you drive off the road, no problem, because we're here and we're drenched,  we're soaked with adrenaline and Red Bull.  DJ Scott.  Yeah, and some of those listeners may now be soaked in a river as they drove into a  bridge from the utter shock of suddenly hearing loud theme music, then hearing a horn right  after of course is going to cause a swerve and some time in a river.  Like Michael Scott following the GPS style.  But yeah, we're here at Second Gate, we're here to basically, you know, talk about what  it was like to be in Las Vegas, but specifically, you know, you're seeing the name of the episode,  which is very exciting.  Yeah, I'd say a major, you know, it's generally we'll do some trip report kind of stuff.  Yeah, yeah.  An emphasis, I would say on Mike's successful attempt to get some of us to attend a loud  douchey Vegas pool party.  Yes, and this is, I mean, I don't want to say, well, I guess I don't want to say yet.  Exactly.  I'll bury the lead a little bit.  Greatest episode ever.  Best episode ever.  Yeah, you know, whatever.  I won't take a victory lap yet is what I'm saying.  We'll get there or we won't.  Maybe we won't.  Maybe I'll hang my head in shame.  We'll see.  We're not really sure.  Either possibility is a reality in Sin City.  You know?  Yeah, that's true.  You're doing a victory lap or hanging your head in shame.  It's really the flip of a coin.  That's right.  Lady Luck, they call her.  That's right.  A cruel mistress if ever there was one.  Not Lady Liberty.  There's only a fake Lady Liberty.  Lady Luck is not Lady Liberty.  But you can meet Lady Luck after passing by the fake Lady Liberty.  Right.  Only in Sin City.  Only there are you sometimes happy and sometimes not.  That's right.  That's where it happens.  Everywhere else you're one or the other.  And it, yeah, depending on city, city by city, if you're feeling good or feeling bad.  Yeah, you should check a map.  See how they see what the...  Forecast is of moods.  Is there ever been a personification of Lady Luck?  Gotta be, right?  Somewhere.  Lady Luck.  Yeah, because Lady Liberty, we know what she looks like.  But Lady Luck?  I mean, it seems like something that Pixar's got to get to at some point as they head down  their checklist of abstract concepts that they can turn into actual characters for increasingly  diminishing returns.  Smaller and smaller box office results.  And the patriotic returns, but also it sticks around for a little while.  And box office watchers are totally perplexed by like, wow, people keep seeing this movie.  They didn't go see it the Thursday night it was released and forget about it, you know?  Sure, sure.  Yeah, yeah.  Well, it's either, yeah, that happens and things just stick around because they're better  received than you think.  And families go see him or because they stick around because America has spoken and the  Patriots are rising up and saying God's children are not for sale and church groups are doing  the right thing and paying it forward for hundreds and hundreds of empty seats to experience.  I'm jealous of those seats, that those seats get to see the movie more times than we ever  could because we have obligations and shit to do.  Yeah, yeah.  It drives me crazy.  I'd love to keep seeing Sound of Freedom.  I hear you.  Can I ask, has Pixar ever done a movie about a sound before?  Hmm.  No, they've, hmm, doesn't sound familiar, does it?  Oh, sounds familiar could be the name.  They call it Sounds Familiar and like it's like some sounds like common sounds, streets  sounds sort of beeping and driving on gravel or whatever.  And then there would be like a Sound of Freedom as well.  Oh, that's a good one.  Oh wow.  The personification of freedom is a sound.  This is guaranteed.  Okay, so like tepid box office for them meets exceptional box office for weird, stuck in  a can for five years, Patriot movie with questionable information.  You tie those things together, I think, and you get maybe a volley above a Barbie.  That's right.  Sound of Freedom is in sound.  They can't be, well, I was going to say they could use Sound City, but that's already Dave  Grohl got to that, but sounds familiar.  Sound of Freedom is in Sounds Familiar.  Oh, they're going to be hearing the sound of Ka-ching, Ka-ching, Ka-ching, Ka-ching.  Yeah.  Sound that has to be faked in Las Vegas.  What would the call?  We missed the coins.  They don't have the coins anymore.  They don't have the cups with coins and they don't have coins anymore.  We talked about the cups already on the show.  The dirty cups and the dirty coins.  The old dirty coin cups.  But you used to get the dirty coin cups.  I remember to play with Sandcastle to make Sandcastle.  That's what I say.  Yeah, that's that's right.  Family members would go over to Atlantic City and people just walk out with the cups, you  know, they lost their life savings and now they have to show for it.  Yeah.  Wait a minute.  Starting to sound to be starting to sound to me like you can be up or down in a second  place.  Here we are saying it was only Sin City, but this is Atlantic City we're talking about.  Yeah, it seems like Lady Luck can shine or Lady Misery can shine as well.  Well, any any number of bodies of water as well.  Casinos, cruise ships, you know.  Hmm.  OK, so we're not only only in 20 to 30 places can you have high stakes fun or get all the  way down.  Canto Bite is one of those places.  Canto Bite for sure.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Casino.  A Casino Night Zone and Sonic the Hedgehog.  Oh, yeah.  Yeah, certainly.  Because you could get hit.  You could just drop into some lava.  Something we missed in this series was covering that.  Oh, we should do.  Would have been a good excuse to cover that level.  I was obsessed with Casino Night Zone as a kid.  That was my favorite Sonic level.  Wow.  Because you go into the I don't know if you ever played it because you go into like a big  slot machine and Sonic would spin around and then the three whatever pictures would appear.  That's exciting.  Yeah.  To be inside one like the pinball ride from the Sid and Marty Croft world, but better.  Yeah.  Jason, would you like slot machines better if you could go inside them to play?  So you're in like a little womb.  I can like them even better.  Yeah.  Yeah.  So like you take your beloved little shop of horse penny slots and instead of sitting  in a chair outside, there's a little hole at the bottom and you go into the machine  and then you're sort of like surrounded on all four sides and you can hit the button.  That sounds like a Willy Wonka dream.  Yeah.  It's not how I think I would want to play, but I was just wondering because it's more  like womb like.  It's a Willy Wonka.  It's a dream like it is for Mike TV when he goes inside the TV.  Right.  It's a dream.  It's a great thing that happens to him.  Yeah, exactly.  So yeah, let's let's talk a little bit just like some, you know, the stray thoughts, some  stray feelings about Las Vegas trip and then we'll get to the big main event.  I think I think that's the one to do.  Right.  Yeah.  Start with the Jason Sheridan and just give us a little bit of a recap of your time, your  stay, how the hotel amenities were.  Sure.  Everyone's asking.  Yeah.  The hotel, many's were pretty good.  We flew in Saturday morning.  Yeah.  We, you know, checked into the hotel kind of early, but like not early enough where there  are still rooms available.  You know, if you get there really early, they still have some stray rooms.  How early are we talking?  If you get to a hotel, I feel like around eight or nine a.m.  I have had good luck getting a room.  I think I think we got there.  That's so early.  Probably around 10 or 11.  This is radically different than how I travel.  Oh, I.  8 a.m. really?  Yeah.  I check.  I try to check in as early as I can, you know, because worst case you have like the full  day to do stuff or if the room's ready, you can take a little nap from getting there so  early.  Worst case is you're you're tired as hell and then you don't have anywhere to go.  Oh, yeah.  I was tired.  By the time we started doing tech for the show, I was very tired.  So I rallied, you know, we so we I think we got in the room like around two between two  and three.  This is the level of detail.  The listeners are.  Well, that's why I started with it first.  Shout out the numbers as Jason says them.  We got into the room and found the sink was immediately clogged.  So we had to call.  Hotel friend.  You have.  Did you?  Are you on a name?  We want to know.  We did.  Yeah, he was really.  He said a maintenance guy so fast and he didn't just dump Drano.  We like snake the sink.  Wow.  And you watched him with like a watchful eye to make sure he is going to be a Drano.  He's Drano.  He's going to be.  Oh, he well.  And then he wrote his name down.  He's like, if you need anything else.  And then he scribbled something else and he gave us.  He's like, this is fifty dollars.  You can use this fifty dollar resort credit.  But he gave you his phone home phone number.  No, not his home phone number.  Like the name of who serviced it.  He's like, there's any other problems.  We're very sorry for the trouble.  I thought he was like, here's a real number.  And then he's like, if you need something, call.  Yeah.  And then he really meant like if you want drugs or something.  Oh, that had been then in your hookup.  Or yeah, but he just gave you a gift certificate.  Yeah, a little comp.  That's nice.  Yeah, you're up.  So I was up and then I immediately bet on the Phillies game that day.  And by the time we got to tech, I had lost fifty dollars because they lost one  nothing.  Up and down. Lady luck.  Up and down.  Me and Vegas and 40 years, maybe 70 or so other places.  That's right.  So yeah.  So so you're that's the major only major issue you had with the room.  Everything else smooth.  Yeah, everything else was pretty smooth.  OK, god damn it.  OK. But how many?  But but but how many times the whole trip did you call and harass the front desk  for things? Well, called once for more towels.  OK, got it.  And they call the second time.  To get a late check out, which you now have to pay thirty dollars for,  which I had done late check out there before and I'd never had that experience.  They're on to you. They're on to you in your early arrivals.  These people trying to stretch these times that we said.  I tried to really lay it on thick at the front desk.  I was like, you know, we got in the room and the sinks immediately.  You know, we get a late check out.  And because I got the guy last year, like he's like,  I'm going to put that in the note.  Like he was winking.  The listeners can't hear the wink.  Just so you know. Yeah.  I'll add a sound effect.  Yeah. Yeah.  He's like, I'm sorry, you had trouble with the sink.  Like he he did that as a bit last year and gave us the freebie late.  Check out, you know.  Yeah. And you thought maybe you could run this back  and it didn't seem like it with the person was receptive.  He actively did not give a shit. Yeah.  Yeah. He's like, you can probably call.  You can call guest relations and see.  And I said, does that normally work?  And he's like, not my experience.  It's like, fair enough, how the person was like working against you. Yeah.  So you see Jason sees like four nights, three days at a hotel.  And he thinks a little bit he can be like, can that turn into  can that turn into close to six days?  Yeah. Oh, sure.  Hey, look, with these resort fees and we all deserve it nowadays.  I agree. Yeah.  You're thinking big.  That's we we are big adventure.  We hadn't done this. We got a couple's massage.  Oh, yeah. Let's hear this.  That was very fun.  I had never done that before.  Did you ever get a massage at all?  I'd like smaller L.A. places.  But this is like they give you a it gives you spa access for the full day.  Right. That's what Gabris was talking about.  Yeah. So what Gabris was talking about.  So like they walked us in.  They gave us each a robe like the women are on one side.  The men are on the other. Yeah. I hate to stop you here.  How was the road? The road was very nice.  It's a shame they don't have them in the room. You know?  But they are like they're like real soft.  They were very plush. Yeah.  One of the best robes you've ever had at a hotel.  It was like I thought five.  Three. Yes.  I think top three easy because I think it's a spa.  They want it to be.  It's not just like the great Californian like throwing up.  I don't know the listener to be able to imagine so that they sorry.  You want the listener to feel like they're putting on the robe Jason put on.  Yes, I do. OK. It was very nice.  And then and then the massage itself, they hold up like  they put you under a sheet and then a comforter.  Because you're new. Of course. Yeah.  And then they kind of pull back each section as they're doing each section.  It's a modesty thing.  It's a massage ever, Scott. No, no. Right. No. OK.  But it was very nice.  Pretty within two or three minutes.  You fell asleep.  No, no. I was awake.  Within two or three minutes, Jane was like, you can go harder.  And I was like, you can go a little softer  because I have a pretty gentle boy.  You know, I am pretty.  So you're you know, I've never done a couple's massage.  So so the setup is that there's two massage tables next to each other.  There they were reasonably like five or six feet apart.  Are you in the same room?  Are you like face to face so you could give each other a little kiss?  No, it's parallel. No, I I guess that  I asked not about a little kiss.  I was like, Jane, do we hold the hair?  And she's like, no, you don't hold the hair.  And yeah, what is it?  What makes it on you?  Because what's the like?  That's what I've always wondered is like, what's the benefit of it  being a couple's massage other than just you're in the same room?  Like why if you're not interacting, what's the point?  It's fair because two different different masseuses.  Maseuses. Yeah.  So and, you know, the nice perk, the little the lounge,  the co-ed lounge at the spa, you know, espresso, tea, snacks,  canned juice, canned.  Did you have any canned juice?  I had some canned juice.  Yeah, I agree.  Some romantic couples, canned juice.  When we came out, they had poured us champagne because we said,  oh, it's Jane's birthday next week.  We got a new apartment and they they had little chocolates and champagne for us.  How did you ever leave this place?  I don't know. I  yeah, I hung around.  We hung around for a little while.  Did you have like meals there?  No, you can't go that far.  Some chocolate, canned juice sandwiches,  chocolate, just got to rearrange what they have.  Party mix, snack mix, potatoes.  You can put some oil on that, make it like a sauce.  But that's technically intended for the bodies.  If you leave a piece of clothing behind, do you say, oh, I'm going to go back in there  and you can steal an extra day and go back into the spa area?  You can probably fudge it.  Yeah, but they would probably help you look for it.  That's true. Yeah, there was a lot of staff.  They were they were really checking in with you a lot if you needed anything or  because they have like in the in that spa area, they have like, what, a shower, a steam room.  There were showers.  Jane said the showers are really nice.  I just thought it was locker room showers.  And she was like, no, these are like spa.  Like they have stalls.  They had stalls. Yeah.  And there was both a steam room and a sauna and a soaking like hot tub.  And did you soak or sauna?  No, no, I was. Huh?  Why not sauna?  Oh, I don't like a dry heat.  I dry heat. I mean, this is dry.  Steam room is humid.  Steam room is steam.  But they have a steam. So you did the steam room.  They did have a steam. No, I didn't do the steam room either.  Why not? Because I was like, my limbs were like jelly after the massage.  Do you like a steam room?  No sauna? No.  OK, well, you have no.  I don't know. I don't know why this isn't my thing.  But I like a steam room a lot.  They were they were like, by the way, after we leave the lobby,  the lobby of the spa was very nice.  So they're like, by the way, no cell phones.  When we once we leave this lobby, because it is  nudity is allowed in the separate men and women's sections.  Right. But not in the communal area.  Not in the communal areas.  Sorry, listeners, no pics. No pics.  But I was like, oh, man, we should do we spots sometime.  We spot. Someone told us we should do we.  We spots. No, W.I.  Spots. Localizing, localizing.  It's a Los Angeles place.  It's a Los Angeles place.  But it has lots of different like rainforest room or different.  Oh, OK. Are they themed?  I think they're lightly.  Oh, well, we're going to do that and review it.  That's going to be main feed.  Yeah, that's like are you saying the three of us is that?  Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  New to the we would like this.  I think I don't think this is like a very luxurious.  Yeah. Thing to do.  It doesn't have to be weird. I think so.  But is there a fear about it? No.  I don't know why I I'm also  I think I'm an uptight person.  And maybe I think maybe I'm like it's like an armor.  Maybe I got to keep it up.  Maybe they I probably don't allow myself to relax enough.  So it's probably be a good experiment to.  Yeah. You probably have like a glass of champagne before.  And then do you not do you not think that the three of us  doing that is weird on some level?  Oh, I don't know.  I mean, it's like women that go to a spa together.  I think it's maybe weird in like a like a culture, like a societal thing  that maybe if you really examine it, what's what's weird about it?  Yeah, but I'm not going to pin it all on that.  Are you really the three of you really?  I'm going to look you both in the eyes and say you think there  there would not be any moment of weirdness when the three of us  all together are in a spa.  It would be funny. Yeah, it'd be funny.  Yeah, I'm sure. That's what I'm fishing. Yeah.  And society has made us fit.  Has nothing to do with that.  It has everything to do with that.  Us, the three theme park boys are all funny.  Yeah, it's far together. Sure. I won't deny that.  I when he said, you know, I he had to be the rogue.  I had my, you know, clothes on.  And he's like, by the way, from back here on, you can be nude.  And I wasn't really nude anywhere, but it was in the locker room.  I was like, this feels very powerful.  This feels very free because I feel freeing.  And then I went to I love the sound.  I went into the toilets and stuff and immediately saw an old man ass.  Like, I immediately saw an old man ass very comfortable with the nude.  Yeah, I'm not.  I'm not.  I've only done this a couple of times, but I'm not Mr.  Comfortable nude or anything.  I'm not like I'm not trying to act like I'm Mr.  Mr. Powerful over here.  I think it was the camper.  I think it was just like, oh, they're so nice.  Yeah, they're so nice. And I'm naked.  I also was like I when I got down there, I wasn't sure for a couple's massage.  Like we do to tip one per do you tip one amount or you tip both people?  And they were like, by the way, the tip is included in the bill up front.  And this goes to everyone working on you.  And I was like, that actually was a question I had.  So I'm glad that got solved.  So you can add it in like in the receipt.  Yeah. Or it's 20 percent.  Or they just give it automatically.  Automatically.  I see. Yeah.  All right. Well, it sounds good.  I mean, it sounds like you had a pretty good time.  It was good. Yeah.  Yeah. Were there in there?  No. What would you say?  Like shenanigans?  Did you do any other experiences sort of that?  Or worth talking about?  You know, I think well, I free play.  OK, so I was already I was already down from the Phillies game.  And I had claimed the my Vegas rewards.  I had claimed this is the app that Jason and I play that we get points.  And then if you have like a million points, you get fifty dollars or something.  It's like so many points.  Sorry. So all you have to do is be playing the game constantly for years.  And then you get 50.  That's right. Wow.  I think this is the bargain of the century.  Yeah. I claimed one hundred dollars.  Oh, you did one hundred dollars.  I did one hundred dollars.  Find out how much that how many points that is.  You keep talking.  And I played that on like a generic quarter machine  and then mostly on the little shop machine.  So you did go back to the little shop.  I think all my questions are about the little shop before.  You did get some little shop time.  I got some little shop time.  We played the one night and it's a little hard to tell with a free play,  because obviously free play, you just have to.  The way it works is you load up your player's card  and then you feed it like ten or twenty dollars.  And then every spin, it just refills that ten or twenty dollars.  OK, so at some point, it had the little shop machine up to one ninety five.  And I played it down to seven cents.  You were up.  So I was up.  And the reason I kept playing was I kept trying the max bet  because a little thing would pop up.  And it's like if you get all like I got all the columns, but one.  And it's like if you get this last column, you will win eight thousand dollars.  So I was trying to get that eight because I once played.  I'm sure I've talked about before.  I once played the little shop machine.  One like 50 or 60 bucks walked away.  And when I walked by a few minutes later, someone had won twelve hundred dollars.  Wow. Wow. I was like.  So and you lost how many months of sleep due to this?  I I was a little annoyed at myself that I didn't cash out.  My unofficial my feeling about if you're sort of a conservative gambler,  which I would think that all of us are. Yeah.  But I kind of feel like there's in the last couple of years,  I feel like the most you can do is double your money.  Like if you've doubled your money on a machine or at the table,  I kind of feel like you should walk away.  I don't know if there's any statistics to back this up.  That's good. But I think that's almost like that's the best you're going to do  in that sitting.  Some of the penny slots, if you bet a little and then start  betting Max Bet, you'll queue off a lot of the bonus.  Sure. I'm not saying it's not possible because obviously people at jackpots  and stuff. But if you're sort of just playing again,  conservatively, yeah, I kind of feel like if you're up double  or if you have you've won what you started with, you probably should stop  and take a break. That's a good rule of thumb.  Yes, I had never done.  I was mostly like, how is this free play worth it?  Because it's like house money.  So what's some of the things that happen in the Little Shop of Horrors game?  Oh, it's a success.  It cues little songs.  Audrey to songs from the movie or songs from the movie  or little scenes from the movie.  You think Menken's getting money every time you get a little jackpot?  Who's getting money? Menken, Elmenken.  Oh, maybe Howard Ashman and Elmenken wrote those songs.  Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  We every time you get a wild, it makes Audrey to grow.  But that's how they get you to stay at the machine,  because if you get Audrey to real big,  you you get like 10 free game or 10 free spin.  Ten spins. Yeah.  Yeah. Did you did you get her a little big or a big?  I got her big a couple of times.  I got her all the way to cue the free spins a few times.  OK, OK. You did get you got Audrey all the way big.  Yeah. And then Jane, when we were doing a different free play at Bellagio,  Jane, we were playing the Wizard Vos machine and that cued like a wicked witch.  Seen, do you also do you get the wicked witch big?  Is it always getting regular size?  She's regular size, but she like takes over the screen.  Does the wizard have you said so? It sounds big.  That sounds like it's really a long camera.  Camera thing, though, or this is an actual.  Yeah, then. OK, OK.  Bellagio to I mean, Park MGM, one of the selling points is it's no smoking inside.  Yes. And which is nice.  Bellagio, it is a little fun to sit at the Wizard Vos machine  with a cigarette hanging out of your mouth. Did you do that?  I did do that with the little.  Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you, Jason, you have to take a photo of this next time.  You had a slot machine with a cigarette.  Just dangling. Yeah.  Or at least call us over.  At least so we could see it.  We don't have to. We're just taking over the screen.  It can be a photo.  It can be just for us. It doesn't have to be for social media.  Oh, that is true. Yeah.  I that's a good picture.  You like Dan Aykroyd in Ghostbusters.  He's got the one the cigarette hanging when he's like looking through the hall.  Very much that.  Did you? Real quick side note, I said this to you guys and you didn't respond.  But the Blues Brothers Khan has been postponed due to the ongoing writer  strike and actor strike.  I'm very sorry I haven't known.  Actually, I abstained from saying anything because I'm on strike as a writer.  So I felt like making a joke about it would have been an important breaking.  Yeah, exactly.  Well, but if you read what I sent you, it says in there  that what was being planned for the Blues Brothers Khan was Dan Aykroyd's  final performance as a Blues Brother.  I think I think I actually did read it and I think you're wrong.  I think if you like, I could be wrong.  You could pull it up yourself and check it up.  Yes, because that that's that phrase struck me odd, too.  I think it's his final performance at the prison.  I think so.  Unless the sentence was it's his final performance as which fucking one is he?  Jake L.  L.  Wood. Yeah, it's his final performance as Elwood at the prison.  If it was saying that the prison will host the final performance.  What's the sentence?  Well, I see a little bit.  I was I was seeing what you're saying, but I'm not sure that it's that's the intent  because this is this will be Dan Aykroyd's final performance as Elwood  at the Jolie at prison.  So I guess we sound like it's just that he will never be.  Oh, would at the prison again.  No, you're right.  He had a pain in the ass to travel to.  Not if you're Dan Aykroyd.  You got to probably a helicopter that takes you all the way there.  Well, they had a giant skull that's been turned into a helicopter.  Oh, OK. Crystal skull.  Yeah, no, I see what you're saying.  It could be written wrong.  It could be poorly written or you could be right.  And he's just planning on never performing as Elwood at the prison again.  But he is any other casino.  He's willing to show up for the right amount of money.  Yeah, yeah, yes.  I mean, also, you've got SNL 50 coming up, you know.  Yeah, I guess you're right.  Maybe that's not going to be.  Oh, yeah. Maybe that's the out is he knows he's going to have to do it on 50.  And that'll be the final performance.  That's where he started. Light himself on fire on on live television.  What year? The show's dangerous again.  I'm killing myself.  What year is that? Is that 24?  I don't know. I do.  But yeah, it'll be in the next because it could be in the  two years in the first part of the TV season.  Yeah, no, you're probably right.  But I do. I think actually it makes a lot of sense that he's  because why wouldn't you have your final performance be at the prison  if not for the place where the character was created? Yeah.  So I think you you might be right.  We'll see. But I'll track it. Don't worry.  Well, just can you is there a common can you is there a comment  space in whatever you're looking at?  Can you ask if about the was this a grammatical error?  I can't. I will. Yeah. Right.  And this is Elwood's final performance. Let's see.  OK, I'm going to send a DM to the official Jake and Elwood.  We're doing this on the show. Yeah, I'll send it now.  And it looks like Judy Belushi wrote this post.  I think she signed it.  I can't imagine she's responding to the well, I mean, they're dealing  with so many angry people upset about the  you can't tell me that you can cancel the event,  but you can't crush Blues Brothers spirit forever.  OK, I'm going to send hi there.  I was wondering if Dan is retiring as Elwood permanently or just  I think it's my personal one.  OK, I just wasn't sure.  Yeah, this is just a I'm just a fan asking a question and we'll see if they respond.  OK, yeah. I mean, I don't want you to take longer writing this,  but I would kind of I kind of want you to say like the syntax of the sentence  confused me and as you could actually see, I can do that.  OK, I've written hi there was wondering if Dan is retiring as Elwood permanently  or just retiring from playing Elwood at the Joliet prison.  I'm going to send this to the official.  I'm going to send this to the official.  I'm going to send this to the official.  I was confused by the wording of the post  and just want a clarification. Thank you for your time.  Is there a Blues Brothers phrase I should add, like to show that I'm a true fan?  Where you're asking the wrong person, they say things in the movie,  you know, everybody meet.  What is that fucking song?  Everybody, everybody.  Yeah, which I just write Sweet Home, Chicago.  That's yes, Sweet Home Chicago comma Michael.  Michael.  Sweet Home.  What a sign off.  Yeah, Sweet Home Chicago.  That seems like something a like a Chicago news anchor would have done.  Yeah, yeah, OK.  I have sent it to the official Blues Brothers Instagram as a DM.  OK, and hopefully we get a response within the next few minutes.  Yeah, I mean, obviously, I mean, and you got a lot of alerts to wade through  already. Yeah, I mean, I noticed within the  350 pop ups that happened while we're still recording,  if you manage to get it, stop everything as rudely as possible.  Interrupt us. OK, yeah, of course I will.  Emergency, emergency, emergency within the episode.  Yes. Yeah, yeah, for sure.  So yeah, so free play, I noticed was 400000 points on that app.  And basically I have like 200000 and I played hardcore for like six months  and then I check in once in a while and I only ever got like 300000.  So Jason has said he has over a million, which is a lot of time.  Yeah. And again, what this gets you is one hundred dollars.  But it's free. It's free. Whoa.  Well, one hundred and fifty dollars, including the twenty five dollar  Konami free plays, which are different from regular free plays.  Yeah. So there you go.  And how much time do you think?  What was the amount of time in which this one hundred and fifty thousand hours?  Malcolm Gladwell's ten thousand hours.  Anything good in this?  We all wild away time during the lockdown months in our own special ways.  The answer is the lockdown.  So we're talking this is three years.  That's right. Oh, years of covid.  Yeah, I don't play as much recently.  And they can't get to you.  Can't get like an unlimited amount of points per day.  You got to come back every day.  Like they'll let you maybe earn like a couple thousand a day.  But I kept winning billions of the chips.  Right. So it can be a little quicker  if you're playing high level bets, essentially.  Mm hmm.  Um, I guys, I got to say, I'm having a lot of questions about the  the logistics, the the this this app.  I have some I'm not sure.  I'm glad you enjoy it. Yeah.  I don't know if this is the best use of your time, the best value.  Again, there's five apps. OK.  Jason's playing all five of the apps, too. Yeah.  I like to play around.  I would do between five apps for three years.  OK, what if I were to tell you some of them are real buggy?  Like some of them are pain in the ass.  I look I have no I can't throw stones for this  because I Jason certainly plays a lot of this more much more than I do.  But I you know, I've I've got my apps.  I've got my little things I do every day.  That you have all those time wasters.  Well, that's true. I'm just saying I'm not like more than anybody.  I don't know how you have found time to fit a child into a life of thousands  of apps and alerts. That's true.  I mean, I have to ignore a lot of them.  And then I had to take some off because, you know, sometimes you don't need  as many as you think you need.  I hope you wrote a nice letter to each and every one of them,  thanking them for their time. Yeah.  I a lot of things I play.  Teddy Ruxpin branded NFT  alerts dot com. Yeah.  I already have Moon.  It's like some weird sheep.  Mm hmm. I no longer need to purchase Teddy Ruxpin NFTs.  I have enough thrilled to see Teddy back in this world in the  exactly the media.  My digital should be digital.  Don't let this seem like any disrespect.  It's just that I'm a father now and God damn it.  My priorities have had to change.  You think I'm happy with it myself?  I'm playing a lot of Marvel Snap.  That is what I waste time with.  I haven't gotten into it yet.  It is so much fun.  It is a legit, really fun game.  There is like strategy and collecting stuff.  And there's a lot of it's really fun.  Yeah. I would say that.  But well, OK, so you would.  But does it earn you cold hard cash?  No, it does not.  So, yeah, you can't.  Yeah, you can't sell those.  Probably put 18 dollars worth of time into this game.  It's a good point. What do you get for it?  Nothing. Nothing. So.  So what was my other?  Oh, the  uh, uh, Jane and I, you know, we've been to Vegas  like four years in a row now.  And so we've seen the different seasons of the  the Blasio Conservatories are always really fun.  This season had a lot more like cool music, fun lighting.  They have giant like screens built into the floral arrangements now.  So very theme parky.  I made it over there and it's kind of like a it's  it's a little bit of like an island theme.  And, you know, I was on it.  I was getting sort of like Moana vibes from it.  And the question I had while looking at it, and I could be wrong,  but I was wondering, is this temporary Bellagio thing that resembles Moana  better than the eventual journey of water will be?  Probably. Yeah.  And you have to remember the Blasio Conservatory changes every season.  So you get a big lunar New Year one.  And you get a spring and fall one.  They're throwing this in the trash.  Yeah, you're saying, yeah, you're saying it's a temporary thing  and it still might be better than the permanent thing in Epcot.  I'm going to just because of the way things seem to be going.  Just generally the way the you know,  it's like I remember recently is that like Disneyland is announcing big  anniversary plans.  I forget which one they were even, but I just I just saw a video  where like everyone they were saying like, and guess what?  The lagoon in front of the castle is going to have two fountains in it.  And I saw a video of when I was there earlier in the year.  And I just kind of whipped by the fountain like this was a brag.  This is where Disney is at.  This is one of the only things they have.  Wow. Oh, yeah.  Little splashes like a miniature golf course lake would have.  Now, did you read the the it's probably years ago at this point.  There was an explanation of why the Moana thing was so delayed.  I don't know.  Which was that during the pandemic, it was difficult to get raw materials,  construction materials.  So some of the like steel and iron and what have you  that was allocated from Moana like shifted to other projects.  What you mean, like Velasco coaster, which they got done in the exact  same amount of time incredibly quickly.  I yeah.  I remember Jim Hill saying like steel girders were like going up in price.  Yeah. And Disney maybe didn't want to pay.  So I think like stuff got shifted to Tron or, you know,  what Tron they delayed it for an extra year to just to the swift build of Tron.  Yeah. I excuse I read.  And so Disneyland will never be complete as long as there is imagination.  Or if we run out of steel, we're just going to leave some things half built.  Sorry, you know, the price of steel crazy.  Pantel unprecedented.  You just leave the construction walls up long enough in Epcot  that you can start selling shirts of the construction walls.  You know, actually, some people are nostalgic.  Some people are kids are going to remember the construction walls  from their earliest memories. Yeah.  Did you finish your thought? I forget.  I think so. I was just saying, check out the Bellagio Conservatory.  It's always fun and it is open 24 hours a day. Yeah.  Like so much of Vegas.  Mm hmm. Yeah, it is a space you can walk through and I guess you know, so,  yeah, I guess that's what you know, it is like a it's a more themed thing  than most 24 hour things. It is. Yeah. Yeah.  But that's a little like and the lobby.  Keep in mind, folks, the lobby open 24 hours a day.  Only in Vegas. The cashier, the casino cashier.  And in Vegas, the doors do open 24 hours a day.  The player, the player's card.  They want you to sign up for it whenever you're there.  It's miraculous.  Check your windows in your rooms.  Try to open them at four in the morning.  They will open. It's Vegas, folks.  Not all of them. Not all of them.  No. And I only recently learned about do you know about  the because the hotel casino, the window trick?  No. Like they when you look at the Bellagio, it looks like  there's all the windows on it.  That's actually like two to four rooms.  You're seeing those.  Like when you're standing at the Bellagio Fountains  and you look up at the building, there's all these windows.  But that's a trick.  Like that window is one window.  One window is the window for like multiple rooms.  I see. So what is the trick?  Why are they tricking you?  You can't open the window, but on the outside, you can't open the window  from so far away.  I meant the shade, but just to clear that up.  But do you do you get what's being said here?  I think he's saying that like there'll be five room like there'll be like one,  two, three, four rooms.  And if you look on the outside, there's a panel that looks like a big window.  And from the outside, you would assume because it's so far away  that that's one room.  But in fact, that big panel is covering four rooms.  Yeah. And I think there's different reasons for it.  I think one reason they like like Caesar's Palace has like six  hotel towers at this point.  There's some insane number of hotel rooms there.  But like Bellagio just looks like this one building,  but it's actually also thousands of rooms.  I don't know what they gain from this trick.  It's to trick you to think like stuff is closer together in Vegas.  Uh huh.  I I'm going to declare this trick is a pointless trick.  Why do they do the trick?  I don't know. I'm not sure.  It's like how casinos like didn't used to have a lot of clocks in them.  They were like, didn't have windows for you to see to the outside world.  It would make an aesthetic difference on certain buildings.  Would it be too busy, are we saying?  If there was lots and lots of little windows.  It would be smaller and it would give it a different look.  It would probably look shittier.  And then there's ones like the winner, the encore, which is like  glass, like a big cigarette lighter.  It would look like tiny.  So, yeah, it would be like like a tic tac toe board versus  what's the old Minesweeper or something, you know, like big, big windows  versus tiny little ones.  Well, it's like it's like an easy Sudoku versus.  Yes. Super advanced.  And you want people to feel calm and not like overwhelmed by the amount of windows.  Mm hmm. I think I'm guessing Sudoku.  Has that ever come up?  I believe it is.  Let's lay it roll up our sleeves.  Roll up our sleeves.  We're too far in to go to a complete.  One through nine, baby.  Yeah, I think that was my it was a nice trip, you know.  Well, that's great. I'm glad the sink was the biggest mishap.  Yeah. But then you got.  And the charge for the late checkout.  Mm hmm. And I'm glad he did a thorough job with that snake  and he didn't do the lazy man's way out with the drain.  Yeah. Yeah. These other watch out if they pull the drain out.  He's fucking lazy.  Not him, but other people.  Yeah, because I did a snake for the kitchen or kitchen for the bathroom recently.  And did you buy a snake?  Yeah. Well, it's like a snake with like little prongs on it.  You ever done that and put it down your shower drain?  And it's just the nastiest thing you've ever seen.  You almost feel like an animal is going to come up stuck to it.  But it doesn't usually.  I don't think I mean, it didn't this time.  So there was no snake.  No, it wasn't real to a styled plant that had gotten very big from bonuses.  No, no, not in this instance.  OK, let me talk real quick,  because because, yeah, I had a mostly pleasant time.  A lot of things.  I was more tired than I thought I would be.  I was going to do a massage.  You didn't do that. I was going to do a couple of things.  Whatever. I ended up like kind of chilling out more than I thought I would.  But I did stop at a thing called Flyover Las Vegas.  Oh, I forgot. Yeah. Yeah.  And there's not a ton to say about it, but Flyover,  which I think a couple of listeners have recommended to us over the years, maybe  is a fake Soren that is next to the Hard Rock Cafe  on the main strip of Las Vegas.  And these are increasingly common because I talked about doing one in Vancouver,  I believe. Yes.  So these are around for sure.  And yeah, I was walking by it and it was a Sunday afternoon.  I had just come from the MGM Grand Dushy Pool Party alone.  Oh, and basically, long story short, I got I got in free to that  because of the discotheque app, although I also got a coupon handed to me  while I was walking to the lobby.  I go to a pool party and go to a pool party for free.  I was like, yeah, all right.  So I went there.  And then the thing with the Dushy Pool Party is that they don't have a lot  of places for you to sit.  They want you to pay a thousand dollars, five hundred dollars  to get a cabana or something.  And it is unless you really want to commit to going into the water,  which it depends how many people are in there.  Being solo at these, not the easiest,  easiest thing in the world, believe it or not.  Did you make friends?  Well, I didn't.  I thought about making friends, but then it's like  it's a big commitment.  It's a lot of energy to sort of try to make friends at the pool party.  And a lot of people that are really like jacked there.  There's always a couple, especially this one.  This was a daytime pool party.  This was the was it the mark or no, it's the.  Was it wet?  Well, they're all wet.  But you're asking was the name was the name.  It was.  Hold on. Let me sorry.  I wrote it down and I completely blanked.  It was. Yes.  Wet Republic, public wet Republic Ultra Pool, OK,  which is a cool name, by the way.  Ultra Pool is awesome.  That part specifically.  And you are on the hollowed ground.  You are where the MGM Grand Adventure is used to be.  Oh, yeah. That is a very important place.  Yeah. In the footprints of the mediocre sounding.  Yes. Placeholder theme park.  I had bought some bad flip flops at a Target in the middle of like  a desert target on the way from San Diego to Las Vegas.  And I wore them from New York, New York across the street to MGM Grand.  You were you were flip flops on on the hot day.  They were like elevated flip flops, but they were the least comfortable  shoes I've ever worn in my life.  So my feet are like throbbing.  My God.  So I get here. I go over.  I have like a drink and you walk through New York, New York to the back.  It's not as close as you would think it is.  Even though it's actually farther away.  Maybe the longest point away from the entrance.  Yes, that is 100 percent correct.  So my feet, I was like, this sucks.  I should have just bought shoes.  I should have bought like three hundred dollar shoes at some MGM  Grand store or something and just wore like loafers back to the other hotel.  I got them soaking wet.  Yeah, I got them wet.  There there is a smaller like city target next to the fly away Vegas.  Yeah, yeah, for sure.  I should have gone over there.  But at that point, it was like I was almost back and I was like, just whatever.  And I am the damage to my feet at this point.  I know it's a limited selection because once I was a little buzzed  and went in there looking for toys, I went in there.  Oh, they don't have toys in Vegas.  Yeah, it was a little in the city targets.  The selections are very well.  I didn't know it was a city target.  It's hard to see how big it is from the distance.  There is no way that could have been big.  Sometimes they will still have a toy section in the city.  Target. It's just it's just you're not getting adult collectible.  So you're not going to neck.  You're not getting supers.  Well, you might get a little super seven.  The level of comfort, the constant reference to the apps  and the specifics of the app that I've never played.  The difference between Target and City Target.  I've never heard this in my life. Really?  City Target.  There's a city target right over here.  It's the one on Hollywood Way.  Localizing. Yes. Yeah.  And it's a smaller target than the regular targets.  Yeah. It does not have a robust selection.  Does it say City Target on the outside?  In some places it does.  I think there's one you can see a sign in downtown LA might say.  There's one.  So you would know as long as you saw one out of the 10 of them that say it on it.  Jane and I just called the small one in Burbank, tiny target  to differentiate from the very large target.  They don't. Yeah.  So basically the regular targets are.  By the way, I should not have asked this.  No, but you needed to know.  I should have been realized I was heading down a seven minute  avalanche of target difference questions.  Teacher, teacher, I need an education is what you said in so many words.  A regular, you know, you've seen a regular target, the one in the Empire Center.  It's a big target.  You get a big building.  But if you see these other targets, you can see that they're like  the ceiling is not as high, the building.  And usually it's kind of like stuck as part of like something else.  I'm aware that there are big targets and small targets.  The comfort with the phrase city target,  you know, because they can plug it in like a city block somewhere  and they can sort of just give you the essentials of what you would need  out of a target versus am I supposed to be familiar with this phrase?  If they don't, they don't use it consistently.  And why are you guys so aware of the website?  I think they use it.  The target, you know, it's just one of the city targets.  If you look up, you know, I follow retail trends a little recreationally  every now and then, you know, I don't.  For some reason, I just this is a word that has entered my lexicon.  Con. Yeah. And so I don't.  I really don't actually have a good explanation where it came from or when I heard it  or if it's official, what target would prefer you referred to these tiny targets as?  Because maybe they like tiny target better at this point.  I don't know.  I mean, if their official branding is city target,  but yeah, well, at a certain point there, they referred to things as city target.  That is not where Jason and I both know.  I know you're not hired to some extent.  Yeah. Now, maybe they don't call it that anymore.  Maybe they don't like branding at that.  Maybe they should call it little target, little target, little target.  Yeah. He's kind of bigger.  Target Junior hit the T's hard, baby.  Target.  Target with the I guess, you know, I kind of like target.  Are you going to target or target?  It's like I was, you know, I'm driving by Targs.  Targs is just a no-frills.  I need like a big decorative wicker basket.  I'm going to target. They don't have the home goods section.  They do it or full target.  Yeah. It's just target.  And if it's just like a kiosk in a mall and it's just tar.  It's just tar at that point. Yeah, yeah, it's just tar. Right.  So anyway, it's good to know, though, that they don't have toys for the future  for me on the at the city target in Las Vegas.  And you're like you're on this year, you're out on this year,  you live in it up in Vegas and you know what's going to hit hard right now?  A toy. You know what?  At the same target I was in the desert, I was at Desert Hot Springs.  I forget which target it was.  And this is a desert target as opposed to a city target.  This was yeah, this is a desert target, which is unofficial name for  Tundra Target, Forest Target.  That's just my name. They all change based on the locale.  Yeah, that's not corporate branding.  That's just what I'm calling it.  But I call it Desert Target.  They I went up and I found the new McFarland Batman 66 Batgirl toy,  which does not have the Yvonne Craig likeness because the family is the estate  wanted too much money.  So they just use the likeness from the comic they've made of Batman 66.  And I saw this and I was like, got to get it. This is great.  I got my flip flops. I got my Batgirl toy and I scanned it.  And a message came up that this is this is not able to be sold.  This is breaking street date for the toy.  And it was confiscated from me.  And I was not able to purchase it by like a surly desert target security guy.  Yeah, like wrapped in like big, like big whatever, like cloth and stuff  to keep them safe from the elements.  Look, maybe in a lawless city target, this would fly.  Right. We'd do things a little different here in Desert Target.  Yeah. So I was not able to get that Batgirl toy,  but I did get the shitty flip flops that hurt my feet.  So it get to ruin your body. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  In a hundred and twelve degree weather to go to a pool party by yourself.  I went to the pool party by myself and I sat on the cubbies  where you can put your shoes for a while because that was the best option to sit.  And I looked around and I went over to the bar.  I went over the bar walking over a mile for.  And then a guy with a nightstick beat the shit out of you  because you just had the worst vibes.  There's no way I ever have the worst vibes at a Vegas pool.  Well, that's true.  Even if I had a bad vibe.  So, you know, I went there too, because I was like,  I don't know if I'm going to feel like going to the night pool party,  which I've been talking about for weeks just because I was feeling tired.  So I was like, I'll go over here and at least I'll give it a report.  And I'm sitting on like the shoe, the shoe cubbies.  And I'm like, I'm drinking like a beer.  I had one beer and I was like, this happens sometimes where I go,  do I know anybody here?  Maybe I know somebody and I walk around and I'm like, well, no, you don't know.  Not really, but there's always part of you that's just like,  maybe I know somebody.  And I'm like walking by and I'm looking at the cat command is I'm like,  don't know those people, don't know these people looking around.  And then like the pool is like a little too full.  And I have like all my shit and they want to they want like sixty dollars for lockers.  And I'm like, I don't I don't want to go in that pool for sixty dollars,  essentially, to leave all my shit possibly staying.  Yeah. Even if I stay for an hour, it's like I could go to the other pool  and do that for free.  So I basically, oh, yeah, I forgot sunscreen.  Oh, my God.  That's my I forgot sunscreen.  Also, this is I was just really out of it on Sunday.  And I went up and bought sunscreen,  which I'll let you guys guess how much a douchey  Vegas pool party charges for the spray sunscreen for sprays.  Spray is actually helpful because I feel like it's a down a little bit.  But that makes it maybe to me forty five.  Jason, I'll do I'll do prices right rules here.  I'll go lower. I'll say 30.  Jason, what's thirty seven dollars?  Wow. Right in the middle.  For some reason, I was like, it's like probably twenty five bucks and like thirty seven.  And I was like, that's really funny.  You're painting a great picture of the cost ecosystem.  Yes. So she Vegas pool. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  So I was I laughed.  I walked around a little bit more and I was like, all right, I think I should go.  And then I left.  I did the long walk back through the casino.  A longer walk than you were there for.  Yeah, yeah. Longer than I was there for.  And I was walking down the street and I went, oh, the fly over the fake soaring.  I go, you know what? Wait, sir, you're still in the flip flops.  Yes. Oh, my God. Yeah.  So you in the in the immense heat. Yes.  In horrible shoes, you go to do a ride.  Exactly. That's also that's a zone with like no shade to get over there.  Because we avoided that area.  That's like we're talking like where the it's with the former RIP.  It's still the M&M store.  But I lost my M&M Vegas, the movie. Right.  Yes. So so I did that.  It's it's not that was not such a bad walk from the outside MGM to this,  but it's still very awful heat.  And I was like, you know what?  Maybe would cheer me because I wasn't feeling like bad or anything.  I was just like, oh, that was kind of a waste.  I go, maybe a ride.  Maybe I could do a ride right now.  So I walk in and you get the immediately like the theme park, cold air blast.  That's good. And the media, you feel good.  I feel good. I go, who that?  And there's a lot like neon lights.  Everything in there was like fairly clean for some Vegas thing.  Yeah. Which I was surprised by.  I don't know why.  I guess because it's Vegas and pretty dirty to.  Yeah, that helps.  So like no one's in there.  It's empty. It's almost empty.  Wow. And I go up and I go, I'll do one of these.  And there's like three different destinations.  And she's like, oh, yeah, OK, what do you want?  It's like thirty eight dollars, which is a little pricey.  But OK, whatever. Vegas. One ride.  And I'm like, well, what's the best destination?  She goes, well, Iceland is what is our favorite customers favorite.  I go, well, that's what I got to do then.  I'm so confused. This isn't Las Vegas, because I'm aware of these.  Like the one I did in Canada was like Soarin over Canada, whatever the fly over Canada.  So this is just you're in Vegas, but go wherever.  Yes, because really, what would be the Soarin over Las Vegas?  I mean, the rare sight of the of the strip from the sky.  Yeah. Where can you see this other than in thousands and thousands of iterations  in every stock video library and reality show that goes to Las?  Well, I would expect strip from the sky Hoover Dam.  That is Grand Canyon for sure.  They could have at least just ended in Vegas, like how Soarin ends at Disneyland, where you are.  Yeah. So Iceland and then a little hit of Vegas.  Yeah. So I went into like this big lobby area and I'm like, oh my God, this place is huge.  This is huge. They have like two theaters, I think, maybe more.  And there's a bar in the back.  Oh, and there's just a massive area to like hang out and wait for your tickets,  your your your flights to be called.  And they have like kind of like little marquees.  I don't know if this is the one in Canada.  They have almost like little marquees, like movie theaters, like with a like digital time.  And you know what I actually was wondering if this is the former location of the Regal  Theater that was there where I saw, I think it might be where I saw Jurassic World  and was very forgiving of it because I just had a free beer and burger.  For me, I was oddly light on.  Yeah, I was just in such a good mood.  And the the Lost Cactus is the name of the bar and lounge there.  And I was like, already, I'm like, OK.  And I kept getting it kept like impressing me a little more because I almost expected  them to go, here you go, open up like a creaky door and I walk right on to like a seat  and then do the thing.  But there's like all this waiting around and whatever.  And then I go in there.  I think I had a drink, too. I forget.  Oh, I know. I had a drink from MGM.  I was drinking it as I walked, which also makes you feel good.  Drinking out in public. Sure.  So I go in there and pre show.  Oh, oh, and I was like, OK, here we go.  Pretty sure because again, I thought we were going right into the chairs  for the fake soren and it's got like the there's like a big circle sort of screen  and it's dark in there and there's a voice like this that's talking.  Whatever. And it's like doing this and like, welcome to Iceland or whatever.  And you're like, OK, yeah.  And I was like, really, I'm starting to get like really excited about this.  This is cool. Yes, it is Maelstrom.  So and I'm trying to remember the order of events.  So we so it like it's just explaining there's like a wood.  I think it starts with almost a static shot of a log cabin.  And there's like a little crackling fire, which is, of course, very great aesthetic  and a great like theme park ambience noise. Sure.  And then there's this like, oh, welcome, blah, blah, blah, whatever.  I should have recorded it. That was a mistake not to.  And then I can't remember what happened.  I can't remember the order of events, but essentially this part like ends.  We go into another room for a second pre show, two pre shows.  Oh, my God. Now I'm feeling great. Wow.  And this is like a pre show.  I don't know if you've ever been to like a it's usually like,  I think at a museum or something as you go.  And there's like we all crowd around like a circle, like it's almost a circle theater  with like a bar like I don't know what I'm blanking on, what this is called.  Basically, there's a there's a screen in the middle.  A porthole almost. Yes. Thank you.  There you go. And it's like you're looking down and it's kind of like a screenish  thing in the ground. And then there's a big screen in the middle.  And then like there's just, you know, bars to keep you from falling over.  And you can like lean in the back or whatever.  And then there's more talk and there's a little like hint of what you're going to see.  And then the voice. Oh, the voice.  And then an original character appears like a CGI troll lady, like an old,  no offense, old hag troll lady, which was very exciting.  And she's like she appears once and I was like, oh, wait, oh, who's that?  I don't think she introduced herself, but I was very excited.  And I don't know that there's any footage of her online,  but they have original flyover characters.  I looked to my right, everyone's face, nothing blank.  The only one who cares. Only one who cares.  But they were doing like cool effects like they'd show magma and like the ground  would be like orange and it would light up.  And then we went into the theater and then it's it feels like you're in a weird  nightmare dream going on Soren essentially where like things aren't quite right.  Yeah. And I don't mean that.  They pretty much ripped off the mechanism.  It's exactly like Soren. It's just it's not quite like a little smaller.  It's like whenever you have a dream or you're going to a familiar place,  but everything's like a little off. Yeah.  And it feels weird.  And but this wasn't bad. And like it wasn't I wasn't worried.  It was going to fall apart. It was just like it's not a big open area.  Like when you go on Soren and there's three rows or whatever, this is one row.  I couldn't quite tell the geography.  I think there might have been the seats under me, but this was not well attended.  This was not a well attended soaring adventure over Iceland.  But at this point, then you get you.  It's exactly Soren.  Also, I should say the pre-show too has the exact same stuff.  You're a little kid. Put the extra thing.  There's a little kid that gives the thumbs up to the person who's explaining,  who's from Iceland. It's not Patrick Warburton.  But it's exactly the same thing.  Like, don't make sure if you're a little writer, like put the thing by your groin  and put the snap through or whatever, whatever Icelandic actor.  Yeah. Dubbed putty. Right.  And then, yes, it's Soren.  They stole it. It's so interesting. They stole it.  It's exactly the same.  How is Disney allowing notoriously litigious Disney?  And so strange. It's a good question.  This is happening all over the country because it was the world technology  developed by Disney.  And I'm wondering if they're licensing the theater.  That's very possible.  The Disney's just making money off of it. Maybe.  They're like they're not worried about if it's not like competing.  It's not an Anaheim. Yeah.  They're not worried about it.  The show, the video, they're probably just like,  yes, it's just too who cares?  No one's going to love. Yeah.  Yeah. So that maybe that's all it is.  And then you get like a 10 minute Soren,  which that seems like for my recollection of Vancouver one.  It's like I'm ready to be done.  I am calibrated to want more like four from the ride that I know.  Well, it's the thing is there's an amount of tricks that it has  that it does run through.  So I wasn't upset to be there for 10 minutes.  But at a certain point, you go that they've done the tricks.  You get you get hit pretty quickly with all the different tricks,  like making it feel like you're flying down sort of along with something.  And yeah, so I wouldn't turn down a 10 minute Soren,  but you certainly get a nice brisk pace.  Sure. This is what this does.  This is cool with the real Soren.  Do you still have your drink where there are a couple?  No, I was not allowed.  That would have made everything awesome.  You could drink on Soren.  Oh, and the real one, too.  You could smoke a cigarette on Soren.  If you smoke weed on Soren. Yeah.  So the screen is like not quite as good to it's like just a little worse.  And I was like, I don't know why it's just a little worse.  It could be better.  And I don't know what it is. Maybe it was like digital more.  Although the one at Disney is at least I don't know, actually.  And we have we done enough. We haven't done a Soren.  No, we have not done Soren. Soren's a big one.  Soren's a very big one.  So at this point.  So anyway, it's great.  I mean, it's if you like it and you're like a boozy and you're  it's you're on the right there, I would say go do it like.  And worth it even with that price.  I mean, you're just you're just paying a big.  Yeah, there's probably ways you can get a little cheaper  if you look at those discount sites.  A pool party sunscreen or you're buying one ticket.  That's a good point.  Yeah. Is that saying 37 or something?  It's either or. So so yeah, you get original characters, you get two pre shows.  There's a themed bar there.  It's like you get a little theme park oasis in that really.  Not a nice screen than the least nice air conditioning.  Yeah. So yeah.  If you yeah, three different locations, I would do it again.  I would go back.  So, huh? Yeah.  It was it's really weird.  I wish there were more fake Disney rides in Les Vey.  I wish there were more fake.  All there were there used to be as we've learned.  Yeah, that's true. All month.  And you know what?  And I'm not going to talk about this at length, but  one of my little in downtime on the last day, I did go to check out  Club 3 runner up fall of Atlantis.  Oh, yeah. Just forum shubs.  This thing was so much better than I thought.  Really? Yeah. Something I was confusing it with.  There was a different one at the forum shops, which is what I was  pushing where like a bunch of statues come to life.  And there's kind of a big like, be married.  It's OK, but kind of tedious.  Yeah, yeah. But this thing.  Oh, my God. I mean, it's pyro and big fountain splash.  And the moment when the Cheesecake Factory sign dims  so that the show can begin, that's really good.  It goes through the atrium in the back of this fancy mall.  So, you know, I mean, we're going to have to.  That's something we'll do at some point, whether it's like a bigger  season's forum shop, sort of becomes a club three again.  So City Nights two is a question for the audience.  I think we do too much.  I think I heard of Vegas or do you want more?  I mean, there's we did certainly didn't hit it all.  So we will see.  And would you want to come to a Groove Blender again?  Which to that end really quick, just the people who came.  Thank you so much.  Oh, yeah. Thank you.  People came from so far away.  People flew as far as a flyover ride.  Journey would take you from Iceland to come to the Groove Blender.  We did get an Alaska.  Yeah, yeah. And no, people.  I like, God, I ask.  I not to sound all kiss assy.  I love our audience and the nice, nice people.  You lose are you loser with that link?  You know, you love them.  I'm going to say, oh, it's gross.  Nicest people and Eric, by the way, without saying much about it.  Listen, Eric, who brought us an insane.  Oh, right, right, right.  I fully distributed what Eric brought to you.  Yeah. Thank you, Eric.  I will I genuinely never forget.  I would do that. You brought.  I would do a couples massage with the audience as a whole.  So it wouldn't be weird.  So be all does they have to share one bench?  Yeah, they all have to be on one bench and I have to be on one alone.  And we asked you don't get to hold hands.  Yeah. Yeah. No holding hands.  Yeah. What else are we there?  I think we're there. Yeah.  So so basically, yeah, I did the flyover and I was like, OK, I did a little  I did a little pool party. That's great.  I did the ride. I go now.  I now if I don't go to this pool party tonight, I was like, not a big deal.  Yeah. And I won't worry about it because I can at least address  the douchey pool party on the show.  So it's I've already felt covered.  There's no need necessarily to do it.  Your thing. Yes. You Vegas the way you Vegas.  Exactly. So at this point, I go.  I have dinner with my parents who came to the show.  Your parents were there. We went to Italy  because I was like, you know, this best friend plays really good.  And then it's like, well, what do they have there?  Oh, yeah. I know the parent.  And I'm like, well, it is curry fries that we had that  was last time we were there that were amazing.  Yeah. OK. All right.  I go, do you want to just go to Italy?  Yeah, maybe we should just go because they have pizza and pasta.  I think for everyone. Yeah.  It's the same as having a toddler. Sure.  Yeah. A certain kind of pair.  Yeah. My mom, not my mom.  And I would say now my mom either.  Wow. Yeah, it's dad.  My dad's of a certain.  Dad's are much more.  He would have done it because he feels like I shame him a lot for his eating.  Oh, so he was done.  And I really pressed.  He's got to prove then the way you've like you're told.  You don't like Hans and then you decide you know what?  I hope he probably be embarrassed if he hears this.  He thought at first when he got to Italy that he couldn't eat there  because we said it was bad.  And then mom goes, yeah, your dad don't want to eat it.  Italy, because he said, you guys say it's bad.  So he was he didn't want to look like a fool.  And I go, what are you talking about?  I love Italy. No, I know.  I go. I go. No, no, no.  All three of us, I think, are big Italy fans.  And we're trying to figure it out for like hours.  And then my dad was like, oh, were you talking about Boca?  Yeah.  I go, oh, yeah, Boca de Pepe is the worst.  Yeah. Were you talking about?  Wait, Jason, fill in the first.  Pet. Oh, no, you didn't do it.  Oh, my God. You said the wrong.  Was that on purpose? No.  I just repeated what Mike said.  No, you didn't. It's Pepe.  No, it's not.  No, Jason. Oh, my God.  You'd be doing this again.  I look at a website.  Look at it in person.  I can't believe even if we did  like an unnecessary next round of it.  And that is so great.  Yeah. Are you Googling to check?  Well, I'm I'm the closest one in city walks, so I am just looking.  Do you think do you do you honestly think in this moment, Jason,  that you are going to be proven correct after all this that you're going to share?  Like, well, guys, look what I found.  You go to Pepo dot com.  No, I know I'm wrong.  I wanted to see the correct spelling.  And the reason was I convinced myself it wasn't Beppo  because someone set the phrase B poll at some point.  So I'm like, it must not be the explain this last time.  And I was more confused by how you got confused.  The Google Translate used to run it through as B poll.  Run what through? What is this B poll?  Run the phrase Bucat to Pet.  Why were you running it through a translator?  Someone else did it. Who did it?  I don't know. Someone tweeted it at me.  This is a long episode. I'm sorry.  We're going back to the beginning.  Oh, Scott's doing his work up thing.  This is going to take 15 minutes.  Listener, am I wrong?  Am I wrong, listener?  OK, start. What is B poll?  Start from I tell from the here once upon a time.  Tell the beginning of this story.  I have never understood B poll.  OK, so somebody was I'm trying to help here.  It was trying to explain what the meaning of Beppo was,  because I think the first time we ever discussed this,  we were trying to figure out what it means.  Jason, am I correct?  Type the wrong thing into Google Translate.  You get Beppo whole.  OK, and at some point, if you want to, the spellings.  But what if you type what into Google Translate?  Type Bucat de Beppo is now was this done initially  because we wanted to know what the phrase meant?  That's what I think.  Yeah, that's what I think is going on.  OK, so this led you to what?  So Bucat de Beppo, which is the correct one, says Beppo whole.  But Bucat de Pepo says Beppo whole.  I just still get confused.  Why are you looking?  Why are you Google Translating the wrong name?  I'm trying to explain why I got this caught in my head.  But I still don't understand what would cause you to look up Beppo.  OK, hold on. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  So Italian is Bucat de Beppo is Italian.  OK, right?  I guess.  Yeah.  OK, so when you type Bucat de Beppo in for an English to Italian,  that's what you're talking about?  Yeah.  OK, so you type in Bucat de Beppo English to Italian  and it comes up Bucat de Beppo.  OK, it just comes up as Bucat de Beppo.  Is that what you're talking?  Is there something different?  I'm getting Beppo whole or Pepo whole.  Let me see what your phone looks like.  Yeah, what is the whole?  I don't know.  I need to see your phone.  Do you understand why we have no idea where any of this comes from?  I just never remember what the correct one is,  because I have been there one time.  But we don't go often, but we know the name.  I don't I understand because you certainly get a Taco Bell,  but I know it's not Taco Pell.  Paula Pell and Taco Bell.  There's one of those every mile.  Because I understand the sort of getting things stuck.  I understand that it is just funny.  And then the direct translation on their website, on Wikipedia,  says the name is the English is the name roughly translates as Joe's  small place.  OK, but why does any of this make you think that it's P and not B?  I don't know.  I don't because I at some point, the translate said be pole.  So I was convinced it was never the second B.  I swear, every time you say people, it means less to me.  It's atomizing wherever people I think that what is happening here  is that there is a brain phenomenon where something becomes so like  you become almost so hyper aware of it that you end up overthinking it,  which is something I think everybody has had.  I can't I have had it where I can't think of an example.  You know what happens to me?  I don't remember which direction like how do you want your steak done?  I don't remember like how like which one's less pink and which one.  I have to recall what it is correctly every time.  Oh, like you don't know what rare mediums.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's interesting.  Where like medium the medium is more cooked.  Yeah, that's I have to like run a little chart in my head.  I think that's what's obviously going on here.  It's just funny that it's happened.  And I will also say only this has never been discussed just out loud regularly.  It is only deep in episodes that aren't about Bucatabella.  I'm completely confused about B pole and all of that.  I don't know where that comes from.  So my Google Translate look.  No, no, you just turn it to it. It turned it off.  It turned into a different page when you showed me the phone.  Damn it.  I'm being gaslight by the alphabet people.  All right. I'm coming back over here.  I just think you need to like write an essay about why B pole is part of this or part of the confusion.  Italian detected to English Beppo hole.  This is a tangent. I just.  You wrote no, no, you wrote Bucatabella.  Wait, but Beppo is still the word.  It's not Pepo. There's no P. So why?  But if you if you type in the right word.  That is the right word.  You typed in Bucatabella.  That's right. Yeah.  And it said that hole is the right one.  So if you type in Pepo, why are you typing a fake word?  Why are you typing Pepo of where that doesn't exist?  Here's what I'll say. Here's what happened.  You were trying to figure this out and you type the wrong thing in.  And then it said Pepo hole.  And this is stuck in your head forever and is almost and I use this.  We were talking about something else unrelated.  There's a phrase I like that's in medicine and like vaccines  and stuff called antigenic sin, where the first sort of like,  so you get a vaccine, you've imprinted now on your immune system  how it's going to respond to like viruses forever.  When you saw this, you imprinted in your brain  like Bucatabella and you'll never be able to say the right thing.  It's literally permanently learned.  Permanently. That's my antigenic sin.  That's what I'm saying.  I have never heard you say the phrase antigenic.  I said it to Scott about something else a couple of months ago,  and he reacted in a like, oh, what are you?  What fucking weird thing are you talking about?  That sounds like something I would not want to hear more about.  Of course.  So essentially your brain is now learned Pepo and there's no going back.  No, there is never ever.  Maybe now you could say it and it would be right.  But I'm not even sure.  I think this is a microcosm of how like how flat earth thing happens.  Yeah, maybe. Yeah, sure.  You learn to genuinely believe.  Could you could you do know what it is right now?  Now I know it's that.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Yes, great.  So we'll see in a couple of weeks if the long term  was that the surprise quiz is the organic, which it does on the show.  Just a little test tube of adrenochrome, you know,  that's how flat earth thing, you know, you know, the sound of freedom  and you drink a little endocrine cocktail.  I get you there. I bail out Fabian.  The bruiser was arrested.  I bail him out. You can reset.  Yeah, you can regrow the part of your brain that's permanently learned Pepo.  Yeah. Wow.  Now all it takes is flipping it around.  You just got to turn a letter around.  Oh, my God. Wow.  That was unreal.  This is our we still aren't the actual real topic.  Oh, my God. This would be I go in.  This is when we can knock out in like an hour.  I know. Who knew?  You'll be on to know we'd be back in Pepo land.  Well, it won't be the last time.  Clearly won't be the last time.  And Mike's getting sunstroke of pool parties.  I'm like running the math on.  I am down bad from sports betting and free play, pushing my luck.  And bad is how much?  Hundred hundred bucks.  Oh, yeah.  The worst anyone's ever lost.  Wow. Penny.  I lost so many pennies.  I'm going to call it any slot.  I want it back. I want it back.  The next boo good.  A pee hole is what I'm going to be calling it from now on.  And what's it called, Mike?  Booga, the be whole.  No, you got Michael mixed up.  OK, we're doing it.  We talked about it so much now that I took a second to remember what it was.  I know.  Book of the best.  Oh, questioning all of it.  She's going to convince that you're going to all soon.  You and all the listeners and the people who run the restaurant  are going to know the truth about what their restaurant is called.  OK, well, it's real quick, Scott.  I want my hamburger pretty pink.  What does that mean?  What would you order?  Let's say rare.  Very good. Very good.  All right. Yeah.  Now, I'm just barely gotten there.  Hamburgers you probably shouldn't order less.  No, no, no.  That's a weird order to make.  You shouldn't think safer.  Depends where you're eating, I believe, though.  I guess.  Yeah, because like if you go to like when Umami burger was actually good out here,  you could get one that was pretty pink and pretty pink.  So if you hit it in that four month window.  Yeah, it was four months where it was safe to eat that.  And after that, no, it is pink as you want.  Nope. OK.  All right. Let's get to the oh, I'm exhausted.  But yes, let's actually it's Mount the Hill.  So we went we did a little hang at what's the name of that?  Like speakeasy kind of little area.  Is this called Ski Lodge?  This was this place is called Ski Lodge.  Right. Yeah.  The gabris recommendation.  Thank you, Gabris.  You had been here about it in the cosmopolitan,  which he was hyping up to us his place.  Super Freak.  Oh, is the bigger establishment that I still understand.  It's like we didn't do it like properly food wonderland.  I want to do it next time.  OK, I I went you have to go through it to find the bathroom.  OK. And it is a loud,  douchey nightclub that serves like three course Italian food.  OK, so you can get like a thirty six dollar chicken parmesan  and just the most like the loudest assault of lights and colors.  But you can also get the full menu at the ski lodge, which is much chiller.  But aren't there multiple rooms of it?  I think so. Yeah.  Rooms the show had not started yet, so I didn't really see any sword  squalorers or burlesque.  Yeah. I would like to fully commit to doing it, but I was eating it eatily.  Yeah. And so, yeah.  Yeah. We ran into your parents and we were we were.  You were all staying in the same hotel. Yeah.  And we were going to get a cab over to the Cosmopolitan  where we were meeting everyone and you guys were saying we're going to dinner.  It's like, OK, they might.  Yeah, we were running out of running. Yeah.  So that's yeah.  So you guys were already over there and I was eating my some kind of sandwich.  I forget what it was.  It's an Italian sandwich.  The sandwiches were good.  I agree. At Eataly. Yeah.  Thrilling stuff. Thrilling stuff.  Painting a picture.  All right. So it's a fake ski lodge.  It was very neat.  Done with projection, although we were kind of on the other side,  so we couldn't see a lot of that.  But I like that spot. I recommend that spot. Yeah.  And so but we're there for a while.  And like and we had a bar and I had a big dinner before.  But that's a park MGM, which is unbelievable.  Yeah. Recommend that.  Very good. Geez, like super romantic and great food ever. Right.  But the so we're like we're coming in.  We've been drinking a lot already.  So we're not like we're teetering on like, what do we do now?  Yeah. So the fact that you were and we certainly had referred to like  Aaron was aware of the specter of the Dushy Vegas pool party.  Right. And she's saying, well, like, well, we're not going to be able to get in.  And I said, no, no, no. Mike is a checker.  Yeah. Mike has gotten a bunch of spots on a list already.  Right. So, you know, if it worked itself out, maybe we could pop into this place.  Right. I would say the odds were against it.  Earlier, but after a bunch of fun and drinking and ski lodge, which is great  with Eva and Doug Jones, our friend who was in town, which was a surprise when  we got there, now the mood's pretty great.  We're not wanting to wind it down.  And it was literally like right that you decided to go to a spot that was  literally feet away from where this pool party was.  That's what I didn't know.  I know it either.  And I went, oh, my God, Marquis Nightclub, not Marquis Day Club.  Different thing. When the sun goes down.  Yeah. Different Marquis all around.  But the fact that it was right there.  There. Yeah. Like, oh, well, that seems like, OK.  The God himself. And you guys had taken off.  Yeah, we were pretty tired.  We took off. We ate like appetizers and stuff at the ski lodge.  We had gotten a late lunch.  Do you know what noodles and company is?  Oh, 100 percent I do.  I had never had it before.  Jane was so excited.  We saw it like on the north end of the strip.  And I'm like, I don't think we're going to want to go out.  We saw it when we were coming back from Omega Mart.  And I was like, I don't think we're going to want to take a taxi up to like  the strap for noodles and company.  OK, but it was on Postmates.  So we got it delivered.  You got a post in Vegas.  Yeah, we got a post.  Wow. How did you say this earlier?  It's like half the price of most of the food in Vegas.  But I will say the meatballs at the ski lodge were some of the best I ever had.  Oh, there wasn't bad.  I mean, not bad. I like noodles and company.  It's a chain, basically.  Yeah, it's I have in the Midwest, but they wasn't like just bad pasta.  Well, no. Well, that maybe is closed.  You mean that's the no.  She she was like, I haven't had these.  Oh, she really wanted noodles coming specifically in the Midwest.  And it was in Florida when she lived both places.  So she got that and I got like mac and cheese with like  chicken cutlet on top.  And I was like, yeah, this is pretty good.  How how long did how much was a Postmates?  I was average Postmates.  Really? It was like 30 bucks, maybe.  OK, coupon or something.  OK, yeah, you always have to use a coupon with one of those.  Yeah. Yeah. It's great stuff.  So so anyway, I know what I want to say about what I want to say  is if somebody's ever thinking about like nightclub or pool party,  it seems much more daunting than it is now.  Well, I assume giant hassle.  It's so basically what it is like there's an app called Discotech  and there's other places and other apps.  And basically you also you could go up to the lobby and ask about it.  And really, the trick is this.  They want you in before peak times.  So as long as you get in line and everything's different,  but like a couple like the first couple hours of whatever the event is  in the hotel, they want you in there because they want you to sort of pad out  the the amount of people spending money versus the people  that are already like in a drop to grand on a cabana.  Yeah, I want the looky lose out quick.  Like, yes, you're going to bed, do your little pass and get the fuck out.  Right. So you can get into almost all of this stuff for free  if you go at the right time and you do like a little bit of work before.  And maybe not even because like the person who gave me the free ticket  to the MGM grand one was feet away from the actual place.  So they want you in there.  And it was like there was a cut off at three p.m. for the free tickets.  So if you ever want to just investigate it, you won't like.  I think people also think there's going to be like some trick  where they like make you spend a bunch of money and they will not do that.  A drink will be insane to buy.  But that's other than that, like if you ever want to check it out,  I would recommend doing it and getting on a list and going in.  Well, I think the daytime, the cutoff is probably three p.m.  three to six.  It's more tolerable to be outside in Vegas.  Sure. In the summer.  Sometimes they'll have the headliner come then, too,  if you're coming to see your favorite DJ or you're coming to see Tiesto.  Yeah, he's coming.  He's going to play three to six versus like the noon to three.  Now, why were you excited especially about this?  You said you were especially excited about DJ.  Well, it was not DJ Spider.  I was like I like DJ Spider fine.  But I was more excited about the fact that it was a nighttime pool party,  which I've never been to before and I think is the only one on the main strip.  So I was excited because I like because first of all,  it's only like 90 degrees at night in Las Vegas at that time.  And I like being in the pool.  I like really punishingly loud music.  And so all of that combined, I was just very interested in it.  And it's like at the top of the hotel, which is cool, or at least I'm like,  I don't know if it's a very top of it, but it's on like a deck or like a tower.  So you have nothing in particular, nothing against,  but nothing in particular to say about DJ Spider.  Well, we can talk about what he was playing.  I think that was him, honestly.  I don't know.  But you know, I mean, it's his personality.  I don't know.  Do you have anything specific about DJ  Smiter's personality now that what I had been looking up  in research times was DJ Snake and that is not who this is.  Oh, yeah, that's a different.  I know him on that producer.  Actually, I suddenly was like, I we were seeing DJ Snake.  No, we were not. No, just Spider DJ Snake is what?  Sorry by Justin Bieber, I think.  I think he's turned down many things.  So I was very impressed for a minute that we saw the guy did turn down for what.  But we did not know.  He might be on a remix of Despacito to the official song.  I'm sure he is. Hollywood.  Oh, Despacito was playing somewhere in Vegas.  And I was like, hell, yes.  Statistically, any time of day.  I love this.  It might have been by flyover.  That story could have been, oh, you know what?  A car was going by.  Yeah. And I was like, hell, yeah, I love cars.  Vroom, vroom.  Maybe they'll play the Despacito music video on the sphere.  The outside of the sphere.  Oh, that's what I could only imagine.  So so, yeah, we get into  we were leaving like and again, it's like feet away from where we were.  Yeah. And it was just like everyone sort of briefest window in which  I think we could have been pulled in and we were in.  Yeah. And it was just we were all for it.  There's always like a line where you pay because you can't just pay  and go into these things.  But again, if you just get out there a little early, you don't have to pay.  And we went into the VIP line or whatever.  And it was really this because this becomes you, me, Aaron and.  Yes. Right. Exactly.  So there's four of us going.  And I don't know if you want to say it.  I thought Aaron would say some funny stuff as we're going into the line.  I don't know.  She was there was about like a carding and under.  I thought she was being. Oh, yeah.  Making too big of a show of like, I'm a mother.  Look at me. I'm not.  Hang on, Aaron. Cut yourself a break.  Well, yeah, absolutely. Cut yourself a break.  Great, Aaron. Of course. Yeah.  But but really what I wanted to say that because I really liked  what the guy working there who was probably a young guy.  Oh, you don't know, because there was like a real young.  There's like a bunch of like mostly young guys, kind of like bouncer types  or whatever.  And Aaron says something about being a mother or whatever, being too old  to go through this. And of course, if we're all four of us are too old  to probably go to any of this stuff. Sure.  But this young guy, he goes, you guys are not the oldest people in here.  And he like kind of whispered it. OK.  He's like, he's like, he kind of was just like, don't worry.  Don't worry about it.  Which kind of reset the bar for us a little bit.  Yeah. Yeah.  Let me think that we would not be entering a world that we wouldn't  even begin to comprehend. Right.  Yeah. Perhaps Drenched After Dark would not be the most of the moment.  And like 21 year old thing ever.  Yeah. Music you've never heard.  Notes that have not even been invented.  You want to you understand this shit, old man. Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah. Music's going to drive you crazy.  You're going to throw yourself off the roof. Right. Right.  Hard to tell, though, because like when we got to the Cosmo, like I don't  I think I just come in from strip level or second level, like  pedestrian bridge before.  But like the taxi dropped us off right at the lobby  and the casino floor and the the floor with the restaurants and everything  were hopping that night. It was Sunday night.  But how old was everyone?  Well, that I mean, that's hard to say.  I just meant like the vibe.  I was like, I don't know if everyone's young or old, but this is  it's much more lively, I think, than other casinos.  Sure. I make sense.  The people were like a little more alive in that place.  Sure. The vibe there.  It's a party hotel.  So, yeah, we all we all make it real quick through security.  And I've described like the wrestling trip I took with Geo and Susser  and some other people, like when we went into their on the record club  and Park MGM. Yeah.  The people there, we got there a little too late and they were trying to keep us out,  trying to figure out ways to say we couldn't go in.  And it was like, no, we're on the list.  Yeah. OK. But dress code, dress code looking shit.  OK. Yeah, that's fine.  How many men are with there's six of us.  OK. Hold on a second.  And like just quick question, do any of you have a podcast?  OK. All of you are at least you have one of the rest of you are on them frequently.  OK. Yeah.  Fuck out. Yeah.  That was kind of the vibe when I went to that nightclub to we didn't go to.  No, we never went together. No, in not not together.  But like when Jane and I went to on the record once, we were like,  I they told us they sing at the front desk.  And the guy was just like,  ha, here, take a risk.  Like he was like, that is not correct.  Whatever they told you is not correct.  Just go up that escalator.  That kind of out of a few pre show like a bunch of non holding.  Yeah, yeah. I bet.  I bet as these things go on, the clientele get less hip and young.  Yeah. Yeah. Now, on the record, it really was cool at the time.  I didn't go on this time, but we saw Questlove DJ like from feet away,  which is really pretty cool.  And there's a light up like disco floor and stuff.  And there's like there's rooms in like a little speakeasy secret room.  Like that place is real legit cool.  So yeah, and we speak easy room in there.  I used to my Vegas reward one screaming like  I have this coupon for two free drinks.  That is a lot of room.  Yes.  And it worked. No, it did.  OK. Well, I respect you get when you start flashing this app around.  Yeah. Town. Yes.  Does not look like you're at the grocery store and you drop your coupon wallet.  All of the oh, no, my change is everywhere.  The free advertiser at Best Friend we used once, I believe,  elicited the reaction of, yeah, OK.  And they just wiped it off.  They were like, yeah, that's fine.  I only celebrating our bargains.  I only wanted to go off when we show a coupon.  Yeah, that would be nice.  So we but this was we were ushered through security.  We made it in so quickly.  I was worried like, oh, there's going to be a little bit of whatever waiting around.  No, not at all. They were like, yeah, we might have been out.  You know, then I saw on our end.  Yes. Yes. So, yeah, the the guy was definitely like, don't worry.  There's like a lot of old folks in here.  And then he washered us through and we like did security quickly back there.  And they threw us in an elevator and we were on our way up.  Yeah. And at that point, yeah, there's like there's an interior  like club thing that we walked through.  But really, I'm in there yet.  But you're trying to get to the pools.  But you're trying to go out to the pool because this is drenched after dark.  Drenched after dark.  Yeah. I knew you could even I know there was the technology to to drench after.  That's what I was so excited about.  So, yeah, we go out into this like kind of smallish, relatively smallish,  like obviously compared to like the MGM Grand pools or something.  It was a pretty modest. Yeah.  This has been a regular pool hotel.  It's not a sprawling one at all.  But, you know, good views.  You got great views, I would say.  It's kind of on the more kind of like, you know,  it's the less silly looking part of this.  It's kind of like city center and looking at the Dara where we're staying.  You get a great view of a part of the strip that I call the shit stack.  The shit stack is the big the tower that is all the chain restaurants.  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.  And Rainforest Cafe.  I feel like Hard Rock was in there, but isn't now.  You got a Taco Bell Cantina and a subway.  But I'm missing. I think I think Wild Wings is in there.  So we've definitely both been to that Taco Bell Cantina.  Yeah, I would not on this trip, but I've been in twice before, maybe.  Yeah. Yeah. So like, there's a cool there's a cool view.  That's a cool spot to sort of the whole shit stack and all.  Yeah, all lit up. Uh huh.  And I'm trying to remember other big like, I mean, we weren't in there  too long before there were some light up girls walking around.  Yes. And I didn't and I wasn't even telling you guys that oftentimes,  like, there'll be like some little show, some floor show or something.  Some light magic pixies walk around like Electro, like Spectro men.  Yeah. Spectro doll face.  But not on a float. They're just walking.  Three or four ladies walk around with just like light tubes  that are like covering them.  Sexual Spectro men.  I mean, it wasn't even that sexual.  I mean, it was just sort of like more of like a show girl.  That they are women.  Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  But it was the standard hotel, a hip spot in L.A.  used to have people in a a glass cage in the lobby, a glass display.  They would just sit there and read a book.  You know that. Well, oh, that's that's weird.  Was that for like sexy sexiness?  Was that the book reading?  I think so. It was just a person.  Well, Jason thinks reading is sexy. Yeah.  I it is fundamental for sure.  And fundamental.  I feel like I've just heard people talk about being a standard.  I mean, yeah, I just wasn't like no one was like grinding or no one was like  being sexual in what I consider that they were just like a lady in a regular  this is like bathing suit at the Tron.  Yeah. And it wasn't yet.  Like Michael Sheen's lounge.  They were just doing like their lifeguards is the pool.  There was. Yeah, yeah.  There was a regular lifeguard.  No, it was not.  Who was just holding a regular floaty.  Trench after dark is that in a picture, because anything goes.  And if somebody dies in that pool, they'll clean it up in the morning.  No questions asked.  Yeah. You are allowed to drown someone up there.  Yeah. So so yeah, there's like weird little stuff like that.  You get your you get theming.  You get like a logo for this this thing.  Little like zones to take photos.  We have a nice one of the two of us squeezed into a little chair.  Probably meant for like lovers to be on together.  Sure. This is this is us.  That's a good one.  A lot of good photos throughout acknowledging.  I think we're going to post into our socials and make sure we get the word out  about drenched after dark.  Yeah. Fine program.  They're running up there.  Oh, yeah. Did you get the photo at the photo op of Park MGM with the Maroon 5  logos? It was a phone booth.  And if you hit the dial pad.  Yeah, I did.  If you hit the dial pad, you would hear different Maroon 5 songs.  So you're telling me they invented a Maroon 5 machine.  This is the finest invention of the century.  There's a Maroon 5 step and repeat.  I'm so sick of picking up a phone and hearing my father.  Or important news.  I'm calling daddy becomes I'm calling Adam Levine.  To hear like this love or something.  Yeah. Yeah. Well, because the residency started right after we were there.  Do you like the song Sugar by Maroon 5?  Which one? Sugar Sugar.  To me and a planet.  It's like, oh, yeah, I like sugar.  I can't believe it.  That's the most like on in a Walgreens kind of song.  But yeah, I guess.  But I mean, it's like better than a lot of Maroon 5 songs.  I get with. Yeah.  Well, this is an strange scale we're using now.  We're being very apologetic, currently.  It's like, OK, but I mean, it's like an OK song.  I'm not so I'm not going to like stand it like I stand jaded or something.  But I'm just saying, OK.  I guess I would give it the same review I would give like to the  the sound of the air conditioning.  It is your rate. You know, it's something I don't mind.  The moves when I'm walking around the Walgreens.  I'm not a big moves like Jagger guy.  I would believe it or not.  I would write that song right between the air conditioning  and between the vests that I look at the employees.  OK, that's part of my Walgreens experience.  That's fair. Can I say can I say the the funny thing that you did?  When we were pretty we were in there.  Yeah, I'm not sure which one you mean, but.  Oh, well, so the way it's set up is there's like, again,  they're trying to sell you like thousand dollar cabanas to do bottle service  or whatever. And there's like a little extra deck with a couple of stairs.  And so people would go up there to their cabanas that they probably paid for.  But they were not really populated.  No, there was not. I just kind of wanted to see.  Could I just walk up there for a second?  Is it just a walking path? Right.  So you kind of like mischievously kind of like bolted up the stairs  and you were shut down so fast.  Are you going to be there?  Like it's almost like he felt this guy didn't pay.  I know this guy didn't pay.  I think you're I think you're hanging out in the graveyard  in the haunted mansion for longer than I.  Oh, I think it's it takes longer for an employee to yank you out  than I was yanked out of Caban land.  Buried yourself alive in the haunted mansion, like just by getting dirt  and pushing it on you by the time security came.  Do it quickly and in the shadows.  Yeah. Yeah. Spend a night as if you're you're buried alive.  Yes. Mansion. But these guys are watching like, oh, oh my God.  I could not have been faster.  And it wasn't the meanest.  But no. But these things got meaner. Sure.  See, I always have ready to go up.  Oh, I was just checking it out for next time.  Like, you know, that would have helped.  Sometimes it's a take your time.  You'd be amazed how often that works.  You know.  All right. Then take two more seconds and then get the fuck off of the stairs.  I was like, Scott, I got thrown out of here.  It was really funny to like ban ban from Drenched After Dark would be really good.  The main thing about the time that we entered and something that perked us  up when we got there was, wait a minute, we are arriving right at eleven thirty.  And from eleven thirty to twelve thirty, ladies drink free.  And it occurs to Aaron, I am a lady.  That means that all of my drinks will be free.  But we have already been hitting it pretty hard.  We've had dinner before.  She does not want to all you can drink.  And she wants to spread the wealth.  So she hatches a plan.  She kind of eyeballs how many bars are at this place.  I think there could be four.  Could I use my ladiness to get everyone a free drink?  Right. So she just peels off, leaving the three of us non ladies.  It was such a catch up.  Such a fun, like college era plan.  Like I made it. It was a really fun.  Yes. That's genius.  Yeah, it was really fun.  Wait to see if you like that.  Yeah, we really mobilized all of us.  That made me feel youthful in that moment, too, because I was like,  this is such a fun, like little scheming thing that we get to do.  But she seemed like she was having a fun time as a mother  with a generally early schedule.  Most times at eleven thirty, she is not awake at all.  Yeah. So we're hatching this crazy, this wild plan that takes us to twelve  thirty and gets us all drunker.  Yeah. Thrilled.  It's now it's the thrill of the hunt with my wife, who's away.  And we're going to have some fun.  So I'm thrilled.  So I'm just now I'm just now excited for any air and chickens that we get.  And, you know, I don't know if this ruins the drama,  but just with every check in, she is more and more successful.  She is so thrilled to be coming back.  Everything works. A massive cup of the two things they will give you for free.  Yes. Well, that's the way this is something.  Yeah. Yes.  I forgot that that she we put it like, what do you guys want?  Let's do it. What do you guys want?  OK, Chardonnay for you.  Each Manhattan on the rocks just up, if you could.  It was it was IPA for you.  Yeah, we're all like considering.  I guess I would.  What sounds good in the desert air?  Let's see.  And she walks up and like, let's see.  So do you have a Chardonnay?  Look, we got we got vodka and tequila.  Which one do you want?  I think she got a honey honey.  It's vodka tequila. Which one do you want?  Vodka. OK, I guess vodka.  It's well, look, as well vodka.  We're trying to trick a bunch of ladies to get here.  That's what we're doing. OK.  It's cheap.  We are taking all of our cheapest shit and shoveling it to.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You want you want paint thinner or do you want?  Look, everything comes in a drum.  OK, everything is in a barrel or a drum and we ladle it out.  You want to the white drum or the gray drum on Listerine, Listerine or paint thinner.  What do you want, lady?  She's popping from bar to bar,  also enjoying soaking up the flavor and getting like seeing, well, how,  how Kurt will this next bartender be who has to wear a bikini  and deal with all of the worst people in the city? Yeah, yeah, yeah.  All night long.  We aren't even close to how much worse it's going to get here in the midnight hour.  She'll also just get yanked into like where somebody is like trying to cut or something.  She just oh, yeah, yeah.  Or a woman really like aggressively grabbed her, pushed her to the front of the bar,  which is a good thing. Right.  With this weird like you're with us.  OK, you're with us as if to get ahead of the other people.  And I don't know what I'm being pulled in.  Yeah. And turn to the other people like you were here first.  I don't care. So, you know, so the Aaron who loves getting yanked around by  short shrill voiced ladies in order to change her.  Yeah. The worst alcohol you've ever had. Yeah.  She's having a blast.  We're exploring the space.  And I am happy to say with the music, probably still not at its volume zenith,  but we're still having to talk over it.  And like, so do we act any different at a loud Vegas  douchey pool party?  Well, then cut to Doug and I.  Yeah, I did like Gilroy Gardens.  Thanks for listening to the episode.  Well, you know, I was wondering why you didn't mention the  the people mover is a people mover that goes to the greenhouse.  Oh, I don't know. Maybe we're running it.  So it's just we were just doing podcasts, the right much.  But but screamed. Yeah.  But screamed over loud music.  I think you and I were both showing baby videos.  Yeah, because the baby got a Mickey doll and I was showing how adorable it was.  Well, I was showing, you know, my boy with Gil the girl.  Yeah, girl or a garlic boy. Sure.  So  so, you know, business as usual old 401K, but my mutual funds are doing better.  The interest rates are that's what kills you these days.  I so, you know, Aaron keeps popping in.  Eventually, the the the victory is complete.  She's so excited that she successfully got four rounds of horrible.  Oh, yeah.  We posted a photo of all of us making for  holding up four fingers.  She was thrilled.  She got to like do a little video game mission.  Yeah, this thing, which we really amped her up because I don't know that she wants  to be staying around.  She certainly wants to be on the move so that she does not get pushed around  by more girls and certainly not be talking to a lot of the men around there.  Sure. So she's psyched.  We're drinking after a night of very fine drinking.  We're drinking garbage. Yeah.  Loving it. And another college vibe of like, oh, we're drinking the worst alcohol  possible. But you know what?  It is it said it did not take.  It's not like I needed the full the full amount of time to warm up to this place.  As soon as I walked in, I was like, it's not my vibe, but I am so delighted  to be here. We're all getting to we're we're talking loud theme park talk.  Aaron's off on a mission.  It's so silly that we're here late for us, which equals extremely early.  My Vegas nightclub standard.  Yeah. But I it took no time to be sold on this.  My I was I was very quickly delighted to something because I, you know,  I've been questioning the loud, douchey pool party thing the whole time.  There's a part of me that wanted to like unravel.  Is this true? How can how can this be true?  But, you know, I don't know if I fully understand the concept of it,  but I certainly had a very good time.  Well, thank I'm glad I'm glad.  That's really what I wanted to say, because it is.  Yes, it's not necessarily my vibe normally.  I guess that's right. It's an escape is what it is.  But it's crazy nonsense.  There's like very loud music.  We didn't even talk about how like all the music felt like it's from 20 years ago  for some weird reason to to make us not feel too.  That's what I would say as we are as we are feeling like,  how could you even be guarding us?  We're obviously old folk.  And then every single thing they played. Yeah.  Was 10 years like Miss New Booty.  And you're like, this is not a new song. Very ancient song.  There was one that I didn't recognize, but it was in one of the videos  and I shazam did.  And it is the song Shake That Monkey by Too Short,  featuring Little John and the East Side Boys.  That's a 2003. Yeah. Yeah.  We got a gasoline in there at one. Yes. Yes.  We did get gasoline there, too. Yes.  So really, we're just at a place listening to different, very old music.  Very old music. Yes. For us.  And I was looking around and it is like I've been a lot of people  much closer to our age than they are to like fresh out of college kids.  Yes. Yeah.  It doesn't feel like the crowd there did not feel young.  Well, and Erin very quickly bonded with somebody.  She was like somebody struck up a conversation and she's relaying like,  I'm a mom. I left my I left my kid back.  She's off. You know, he's back in L.A.  And we're like, as if to say, like, I'm not supposed to be here.  Yeah. Guys like, are you kidding?  I've got tons of kids.  So Evan Susser, I went with us to the wrestling at Wrestling Vegas Trip,  and we went to a less aggressive pool party, which I've talked about.  And I was telling him about this trip and he goes, you know what?  I didn't say at the time he goes, I was skeptical of your douchey pool party, too.  And I didn't say anything.  He goes, but I loved it. We had a great time.  So it's interesting because he didn't he didn't he was playing it cool.  But he was like skeptical that that would be fun.  Wow. So I even think.  Could we play the song Vindicated by Dashboard  Confessional from the Spider-Man 2 soundtrack right now?  Well, you're the editor, so probably you're right.  You know, we could drop that.  And at a certain point, because there is a pool and the pool is kind of small.  But I think, Scott, I don't know.  I think you were like, you have to go in the pool.  It's yeah. Well, with mission number one achieved,  then a new mission had to be taken up.  So I know I got very like, pool, pool, pool.  Yeah. Not realizing you were in swim trunks.  Well, not really. I'm wearing the same shorts here.  These are not technically they're like athletic shorts.  OK, but they do look they're like kind of shiny.  Like it's not crazy.  It's not like jean shorts, shorts or anything.  I keep seeing these online.  Yeah, they're like swim short material, but without the netting.  Right. Actually do have netting, too.  They do. They're not supposedly swim short.  I don't know. They're close, though.  They're a cousin of swim shorts.  I just didn't know if it would make if you'd end up in like clothes  that would be weird in a pool, but you were already you were just.  Right. You took into account the possibility of getting drenched.  I actually didn't.  I was just wearing these and I started I bought a bunch of them a couple of weeks ago.  And so I was just wearing them by luck because I wasn't I would have worn a bathing suit.  I had a bathing suit with me. I would have worn that.  So but but yeah, these I was like, OK, this isn't so crazy.  Yeah. Like I'm the only thing would like maybe it wasn't designed for swimming  and like a go in there and like the color would melt into the water.  And I'd be embarrassed because I have green.  I seem like crazy, glowy effects.  Yeah. It's put in by the by the marquee people.  So, yeah, we start pushing it.  But you realize there's nowhere to put your stuff.  I don't know why we didn't just take your stuff, actually.  Maybe you didn't trust us.  I think you did eventually sort of keep an eye on it.  Oh, yeah. You dropped some stuff off.  But for sure, you like eventually got into the pool shirt off.  You did it. I did. Yeah.  Yeah. That's how you do it.  You start wading in, but holding all of your things above your head.  I was my I was holding a drink in my phone. Yeah. Yeah.  But because I yeah, but I wasn't like my shoes and socks were on the deck.  I wasn't holding my shoes over my head.  And no, not not all your things.  And I think I am dead asleep by this point with ancient aliens playing on the TV.  I'm full of macaroni and cheese.  Zach Baggins did come on the TV, did come on  history channel or whatever travel channel.  Mr. Haunted Museum, a guy.  I have a great video where I'm I'm filming you.  Both Doug and I are filming you because we're so excited.  Yeah, you're doing it.  You are getting drenched after dark.  And then so like I'm getting a shot of you wading in.  And then a guy taps me on the shoulder and says,  hey, you need to be filming over that way.  And I turn and like, huh, what?  And he's like, right there, that's what you need to be looking at.  And he points to somebody's big old booty.  And he was working.  Was he working there?  I'm not sure that I don't know.  I thought an employee was here.  That's funny, because I didn't know this.  I saw this go on and I thought an employee was just like being like,  hey, sir, you can't videotape people.  Oh, oh, oh. Or you can't take a video of them.  That's what I thought was happening. Started talking.  Yes. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no.  That was somebody saying, hey, that's where you want to be pointing.  I think he worked because he was like kind of standing right by  where you would walk down into the stairs into the pool.  That's funny. Well, because if you're posting this on the socials,  I know one thing it's going to get people in here and another.  No offense, Mike. OK.  But I said, no, no, no, I'm filming my friend's ass right here.  And I started zooming in and you were having a laugh with him.  Yeah. Oh, no, it was a nice moment.  I thought this was this is very friendly. Yeah.  And you, I think, said like, you know, he's he's exploiting me.  He's he's trying to give you approval if he thought I was  you were doing something weird with me. Oh, yeah.  Mike's standing in the shallow and water up to his waist.  When you're tall, everything's the shallow sexiest image.  I'm filming my friend.  He's trying not to get his whole steady T-shirt wet.  Where is it into the pool?  He's got a little Keno from Turtles 2.  He's he's pretending he's swimming with a little Keno.  Oh, I broke even on keynote the next night.  Then I just sit at a bar and play forever. That's great.  You know, very like low stakes.  It's like bingo, essentially. Yeah. Yeah.  I thought it was funny with Gabris.  You're like, oh, you know what I want to know about now, Keno.  And I'm like the grandma game. Yeah, I don't know.  I knew there were all right, Gabris, bro to bro.  Tell me about that fucking Keno shit.  I lesser gave me good tips on Twitter, the different types of key.  There's like, is it like caveman Keno and like  there's different versions on most of those touchscreen machines,  which are very hard to touch.  Like they only kind of work.  My friends, right, right.  Stick to the buttons. The buttons work better.  How do you feel? Were you on top of the world being made it?  You're getting drenched. Your friends are on board.  I see. Yeah, yeah. I was happy with all that.  And then I went into the water and the only and I think I said this  when I got out, I was like in the water, I'm having like ten times more fun too.  And I was just alone.  And like at that point, I still I'm alone.  So I'm not going to like be there for like hours or whatever.  But I was like, it would be better if everybody was in the pool.  We could actually sit, stand and it would be more less weird.  So so no, in the pool was actually just as good as I thought at night,  drenched after dark on the top of some deck at a Vegas pool party.  Because Vegas pools don't stay open very late.  That's exactly why this is a novelty that I wanted to enjoy.  Close it off only for the elites. Right.  This night, we were among the elites for a little bit,  because then things started to turn a tad because it's getting a little more crowded  because like the hour of people they actually want. Right.  Or like people are starting to file in the cabanas, they're starting to fill up.  The hour has passed and Aaron successfully got us.  All of our drinks. But Doug is not quite through drinking.  So he goes to get a drink like normal and he returns and says,  Aaron, that was forty dollars for true crap for a cup of crap.  It was not a good cocktail.  So we realize and I think she may have ended up getting a fifth, actually.  Yeah, I think she did.  So I'm sorry, Aaron, I'm sorry I didn't give you that that full credit.  So five drinks in that hour.  First of all, what a speed demon.  And secondly, total savings, two hundred dollars.  Yeah, I know. So way to go.  We're scoring. Aren't we?  I think we're all up when you think of it that way.  I agree. Except for Doug.  Yeah, he's down bad. Crashing down forty dollars.  He's down bad. Yeah.  So little did we know how much Aaron saved us.  But then, you know, then we're talking about this and we're talking about,  wow, you really made it and you're putting your stuff back on.  And I know what I felt like.  We actually like found a good little like near the pool couch zone.  And we're talking and like, you know, and just all of us to be to actually be out  and having a good time, like, you know, the happy surprise of Doug being there.  The mood's so good.  And I feel like it was it was a conversation that was kind of like,  yeah, it's just nice to like change it up and get a little out, out, out, out, out.  And a meet and at that, that is a guy with a flashlight who just dives in  oh, like a jump scare in a maze.  Just all of a sudden out, out, out, out, shining flashlight, waving it around.  Yes, sir. Yes, yes.  And we are out as quickly as you could.  Like it took two seconds to be off of that couch. Yeah.  So if you go to this thing,  you know, be prepared to have a good time, but also be aware  that there are lurking flashlight monsters waiting to jump out  and push all mediocre looking men.  Back somewhere else, somewhere where they can't sit.  Horror nights are not scary farms, scare zone rules of like  you're safe in the restaurant usually safe in the pool.  Apparently, well, I can't speak for like three a.m.  I don't know what happened.  I don't like and again, I don't look I said mediocre there.  I don't mean to clearly, Mike, you are 1230 a.m.  Marquis Club hot.  I are you three a.m.  I don't know. I can't speak to that.  I haven't been there at three a.m.  Hot and the currency of hot at these places is oftentimes jacked.  So I will. I'm not jacked.  I told Gabris about this experience since he was encouraging us  to do some different stuff. Right.  Right. It's kind of the through line of that episode.  And I said, hey, we really like ski lodge and we really liked at the Cosmo  this nightclub until the mediocre man hunting flashlight people came.  And he said, well, I can't wait to be kicked out soon myself.  So, yeah.  And who know anybody out there unless you're very confident you're three a.m.  or you want to spend a grand on a kind of seat.  Yeah. Well, and that's the thing.  Then I was looking up, like, what are other people's experiences  like at this particular thing?  And I looked it up on Yelp and found somebody's receipt of like a regular night  where they did a bottle service of Tito's and then all the other things.  And I found a receipt before.  Oh, no, there is some gratuity in there.  You could go over.  But just the basic is three thousand dollars.  So yeah.  And we did not pay anywhere.  I actually I mean, all we paid was forty dollars.  And by we, I mean, Doug, Doug.  So only him, really. Yeah.  So there you go.  I think that's everything. But drenched after dark.  Listeners, if you're looking to go Labor Day weekend,  DJ Sour Milk is rolling in. Wow. Really?  You're going to want to check that out.  And yeah. Hey, you know, I didn't understand it, but then I understood it.  Would it alone? I don't think so.  Alone, I don't think that works. Yeah.  Well, we saw I went alone and I'm a fan of it.  And it didn't work. You know, it didn't quite work.  But but but with you and Doug,  who I love and and Aaron, who you know what?  You know what it really reminded me of is that being like out of the parents  routine in the biggest way for the really really drenched after dark  was the most out of the routine that we've been the whole time.  And it reminded me of how Aaron and I really bonded even before we were dating.  The first that the spark was ever there was  both of us connecting and snarking on the outskirts of parties  where we felt uncomfortable.  And it just it brought me right back to that. Yeah.  And Aaron, it was nice to be back where it all started.  And yeah, I love you. It was great to try to do it with you.  Well, I'm glad I could provide that.  I didn't do that. And I was just really loud music.  I like being about it.  It feels so and actually, you know, because I met Aaron in high school,  we were not dating then.  And what would we have been drinking in high school?  But shitty, shitty vodka, of course, so it really did.  Took us took us back to the roots and all of the exact same music was playing.  It's a look.  It's a magical place.  The douchey pool party.  It really is. I guess so.  Now, that all being said, am I going to go to another one ever again?  No, but very well did.  It did like it to give it a try.  We'll see, though.  Who knows what new things on the list?  Blender, too. Who knows what new pool parties?  Maybe they'll be like an like a dusk pool party.  That's specifically a dusk.  Maybe we host one by that point.  Well, I was like, how do these DJs get here?  Can we run like a scam and like become a DJ and then just like  get a trip to Vegas? I'm just like, who are these people?  And we just we can't be we can't even be like Jokey or little theme  park references or anything.  No, no, straight ahead. I'm DJ Tork.  You just need a word.  Yeah. And then you just play like in the club by 50 Cent.  It's 20 year old hits.  Yeah, I'm a DJ. Yeah, I play in the club.  And Jason is DJ Beeple.  Yeah, I was going to say I play timber and then there's a drop of just us  arguing with the restaurant is called.  You're an all pitbull DJ. Yeah. Yeah.  That's your gimmick. Well, does that do it?  I think it does. All right.  I think they really collected it all here.  We got drenched.  You got sure did.  You survived. You got drenched on podcast the ride.  Sin City Nights, the Fremont Gate.  Thanks for subscribing.  I think this is the final Fremont Gate as Sin City Nights winds down.  But other stuff coming as always, if you want to dig even deeper,  join us on our high roller tier club three, where you get one more bonus  episode every month and our regular episodes ad free.  Yeah. You know, really, if anything, I'm just sad that it's no longer.  We can't have like the ultimate the true fun there because that place  is no longer owned by James Dolan.  Sad. Yeah. Yeah.