Forever.
Dog.
Warning, the following podcast contains godless fake meat, a countrywide French giveaway, a
ahem, gantt tree lift, and a round and round that has moved around.
We're talking Astro Orbiter on today's podcast, The Ride.
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, a podcast about theme parks which once again grapples with
getting 90 minutes out of a ride that goes round and round for 90 seconds.
I'm Scott Gardner, I'm up to the challenge, Mike Carlson.
I'm here, my name's Mike Carlson, and I'm not worried a bit.
I'm not worried for a second that we won't be able to talk about it.
I mean think about it, it goes round, that's 45 right there, and it goes round again, that's
another 45, that gets you to 90.
We gotta talk about both halves of the experience.
I hate to be so cocky at the top of an episode, but I am.
I'm feeling very confident, very sure of myself, and I hope-
Well this is good.
I hope Jason is too.
This will resonate, just to share it.
I'm feeling confident too because there's always the long wait for this 90 seconds too.
Yeah, he's feeling cock sure as well.
That is part of it.
We have to be cock sure.
There's also so many of them.
There's so many of them, with so many names, that's a lot of why I thought, oh this is
something here, because we're talking about a bunch of rides.
Do all of the rides go round and round and that's it?
Yes, but by the time you collect them all, yeah so today we're talking about the Rocket
Round and Rounds.
Any of the Disney Park rides over the years that have had a Rocket Round and Round, that
have been a Rocket that goes round and round, which have been in the park since the 56,
a long time franchise, as part of our little campaign to keep Tomorrowland alive in the
show as promised and negated on long ago.
But first, let me jump ahead to a period where there will be, I imagine no Tomorrowland,
although well there's haunted Tomorrowland stuff here and there.
Yes, of course there is.
But I'm talking about October.
October is on the way and that is when podcast The Ride becomes Haunt Cast the Fright, a
season of tricks and treats and haunts and puns and scary names that are negotiated and
litigated for a good five minutes at the beginning of every episode.
But that means that a special treat for this year, as part of the Halloween season, we
will be doing for the first time ever Haunt Cast the Fright live at Dynasty Typewriter
in Los Angeles.
That's Friday, October 20th, two shows, one at 7.
30, one at 10.
These are going to be super fun.
We're really excited for them.
Let's say costumes encouraged, right?
Yeah, sure.
I think so.
Sure.
Why not?
Unless people feel humiliated to wear a deep theme park reference costume.
I should know.
As they go from the parking lot to the street.
But hey, that's a safe place to do it, I think.
Yeah, they should feel confident.
They should feel cocky when they're doing that.
Get that Carlson cockiness, the famous Carlson cockiness.
I'll be costuming it up.
We haven't discussed this really.
We did a little.
We got to costume it up.
Yeah, we did a little.
You threw out some ideas.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, you got to see what we'll be wearing.
We want to see what you'll be wearing.
They're going to be really fun shows.
We're also going to be live streaming both of those.
Thanks to Dynasty Typewriter and those will be archived for a little bit after too.
Click a link in the show notes and you will find all that.
And that's all of our business, right?
Wrong.
No, we're coming to Orlando.
And I think that's largely sold out.
Thank you, audience.
The seats are sold out.
But there are standing room spots available.
There are spots for your left and right feet if you still want to make.
At least as of this recording, there are.
We're doing two live shows on November 10th.
That's a Friday.
At Tin Roof on iDrive.
Cannot wait for that.
Oh, being live on iDrive.
What a feeling that's going to be.
All the greats have played it.
Uh-huh.
Yes, Van Halen cover bands.
Metallica cover band.
Linkin Park cover band.
Oh, yeah.
And now us.
And we're going to cover different rides and facets of the theme park.
That's right.
Keeping with the tradition.
Do you think the Tin Roof venue has Tin Roof sundaes?
You're going to have to elaborate.
Tin Roof.
You see a Blizzard or a Sunday Tin Roof.
It's chopped nuts and chopped cherries.
That's the name of a specific ice cream dish?
Yeah, chocolate sauce or fudge.
Yeah, Tin Roof.
You're the experts.
You got to tell us.
Is it called a Tin Roof sundae?
Yeah.
Listeners type in comments, how did Michael Jason not know the thing that Jason said?
He's the treat boy.
There's a reason why he's the treat boy.
Tin Roof sundae.
I've known Jason over a decade and I don't think I've heard him say Tin Roof sundae before.
So that's interesting.
Loaded with layers of vanilla and chocolate ice cream, gooey marshmallow sauce and chocolate
sauce and plenty of Spanish peanuts for a delicious salty crunch.
How about that?
I think it's one with a little wake up ring.
They have to have it then.
This is a chain.
Tin Roof is some chain.
They have like 12, 14 locations in America.
Wow.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Oh, great.
I would think that they have something like that.
Top round roast beef, I believe they have them.
They have Concrete's, you know, like.
I know what Concrete is, yes.
Tin Roof is one of the ones there.
I think the peanuts are a big element.
Marshmallow.
Would you eat a Tin Roof sundae on stage at the Tin Roof if it was available?
I don't know.
Does Jason want to perform under the influence?
That's the question.
That's the question.
Yeah, but the question is, do we want the place like, oh, not kind of packed or do we
want the place packed when people hear that you're going to be eating for two shows?
So it's going to have to be two different Tin Roof sundaes live on stage.
Now we don't even have standing room.
We have a lying room.
We have lying.
You can lie on the floor and bartenders will step over you.
But that's the pandemonium there is to see Jason eat a Tin Roof at Tin Roof.
They sell tickets across the street and hand out binoculars so you can kind of see through
the window.
Yeah, that's the nasty voyeur ticket.
The peeping Tom ticket.
We will sell peeping Tom tickets if we break fire code with the amount of tickets sold
in the building.
And we would like if you get a peeping Tom ticket to wear a trench coat and a hat.
Yes, please.
There will be some loners, but we can't guarantee loners for everyone, okay?
Yeah, we can't.
So because the demand will be too high.
He hasn't agreed to eat it though.
Exactly.
Trench coats, amazing, you would think.
We all came along, you know, we were born after the period of restaurants having loner jackets
of like, oh, sir, you need to put a jacket on to eat this under season prime rib.
There's got to be a place that still does that.
Yeah, I'm sure there is.
But it's not Tin Roof Orlando.
No, I don't think they have jackets.
They got a lot of food I'm looking at.
Desserts I don't know.
I don't know if it's a different menu or they're not.
Yeah, I don't see it either.
But they are missing out on a whole area.
But drinks and food looks good.
I think we're going to have a fun time there.
So make it if you can, if you can squeeze in.
But God bless you Orlando audience or anybody traveling in for grabbing those seats and
joining us.
We are so excited about all of this block of live show fun.
But all that being said, let's get back to Tomorrowland.
As I said, we're trying to make good on the Tomorrowland promise.
We discussed some of this on the second gate several days ago.
We talked about another since the beginning Tomorrowland franchise that has changed names
slightly through the years.
Rocket to the moon, flight to the moon, mission to Mars, now Red Rockets, pizza port, then
alien pizza planet, at least in.
So they've kept the tradition of slight name pivots.
And we go back to slight name pivots with this with Astro Orbit or rocket jets, whatever
you want to call it.
But I said at the beginning, I threw it under the bus a little and I said this is a ride
that that goes round and round.
And yes, that is what the ride does.
But I think there's more here.
And I don't think we would, you know, we are under no obligation to do it if there wasn't
more here.
The more here to Astro Orbit or rocket jets, all of it, I think is that it also just due
to its size and due to it being a rare outdoor Tomorrowland experience, I think it becomes
kind of a symbol of the land in a way, sometimes situated in such a place in Tomorrowland that
it's like the weenie, that imagineering term.
It's like the it's the the beacon calling you into the land, telling you from afar,
telling you everything you need to know about the land.
And in that position, this is my big thesis at the top here.
I think that all of these rides represent their respective Tomorrowlands in big ways.
I think they represent the strengths of their particular Tomorrowlands and in a lot of cases,
their weaknesses.
I feel like you can tell the overall health of a Tomorrowland by checking on its Astro
Orbiter.
It's like the I don't know what part of the body you would say, but it's like, well, let's
check that.
And then that might be that might indicate a greater problem.
You put the big stethoscope up to the Astro Orbiter and see.
Right.
Yes.
Check on each of its orbs.
Right.
See what you hear.
Astro Orbiter check on its on its current level of paint coat.
Yeah, that's yeah, I think there's a lot of truth to that.
It's certainly something that, yes, especially for kids, suggests what almost all the rides
should be about in some ways.
It gives you like it goes all these rides I'm going to be doing.
I'm going to be in a little ship and I'm going to be going somewhere.
Yeah, that's true.
That is most Tomorrowland experiences over the years, isn't it?
Some from Star Tours to Space Mountain.
It's yeah, other than technically Autopia being in there.
But yeah, everything else is you're in a little spaceship.
That's never made sense.
It's like go to a rocket.
Here's three rides, sometimes four, lots of rides where you go to space.
Yeah.
And then here's a ride where you get in a car.
Yeah.
Future car?
No, a current car.
Probably actually probably a 1990s car.
Yeah, it makes sense, I guess, from the original Tomorrowland, I suppose, because it was just
a bunch of ads for different companies that Walt was friendly with.
So it's like and then there's like ads for paint and stuff.
But it certainly doesn't make sense now.
And the highway system was really being built up.
Yeah, it's true.
Yeah, that's like the future is highways, futures you will be driving on.
The future is little kids will be driving on highways.
But yeah, everything else, like you see that as a kid and like that's the that's putting
an image in your head of sort of what Space Mountain is like.
So I almost feel like you're like it strengthens Space Mountain in a way.
It's a little like demo.
It's like getting your feet wet in terms of elevated Disney rocket travel.
It feels like the basic training for Space Mountain in a lot of ways.
That's true.
At least you can see you're outside and you're not going into space, but you're in this little
vehicle and it looks like space.
So then when you're in space, your brain, because I know my brain sort of took me in
there the first time I ever went on.
Like I knew I wasn't in space, but man, your imagination runs wild with what's in the actual
like building of Space Mountain.
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In addition to going round and round, let's not forget, it also goes up and down.
Yes, this is true.
As any good spinner ride should have, it does give you the ability to control it and control
how high you get in it, which adds significantly to the thrills, especially in the ones where
you're elevated on a platform already.
You going all the way up perhaps gets you to like 80 feet in the air, I think is what
it is, but that's not true of all of them, necessarily.
They're all a little different.
They're all a little bit different.
It's a confusing thing to chart and we can step through them, but before we do any history,
let me just ask you guys any like emotional attachments or feelings you have about any
iterations of this franchise.
There's one or has been one at some point in I think every Magic Kingdom park, right?
Yeah.
They've all at least had some equivalent.
Well, there's Tokyo Disappeared.
Yeah, Tokyo is the only one that doesn't have it currently, I think.
But they did have one at some point.
But the applicable ones, like mostly for us in terms of childhood are Disneyland and Disney
World.
Strong feelings about this attraction from any point in your life?
I always liked the Disney World one when I was young.
I mean, I definitely wrote it when it was Star Jets, when it was the original one, and
certainly wrote it plenty as Astro Orbiter, which has a lot going for it.
I like the idea of Star Jets and Astro Orbiter in Florida.
You're high up.
I like that.
Technically, I guess you would take a gantry elevator, a gantry lift, some might say.
Oh, an early Disney gantry lift.
Wait, what?
A gantry?
I don't think you said it right.
Can you say it in a different way?
I just feel like something was wrong about how you said it.
I mean, I'm just saying.
You're saying I didn't put enough mustard on it.
I think Jason's completely missing.
We both are getting it.
What's the way to say gantry?
Gantry?
That we know…
Here's what I'm trying to get.
To be fair to Jason, there's been other times when he says something wrong and this is not
actually that bit.
No, no, no.
It's a different bit.
Oh, okay.
So this bit is…
I am flashing back to happy memories of childhood and smiling.
I'm sorry, it's unclear.
What's the fun way to say gantry in the world of theme parks?
Oh, a gantry lift?
That's almost there.
I think that's what you were…
Gantry!
There you go.
Oh, it's me.
No, I'm sorry.
It was close to the thing where we were like, what was that word?
That's not what we were…
I should have presented it in a different way.
Yes, I know.
There's one if not more of those per episode.
No, this is…
You just weren't speaking in proper Rocketeers.
You weren't Rocketeers.
A gantry lift.
A gantry lift.
Yeah.
Gantry lift.
Oh, it's nice to hear it.
Hey, Greg.
So I was like that and especially the big planets.
I think the big planets certainly plus it up a little.
And that area of Tomorrowland above the People Mover, you hear that great music loop, that
kind of spacey music loop I always loved.
Yeah, so that becomes like the onboard soundtrack.
There's not music made for this ride, but you're picking up the area music.
Yeah, yeah.
You get it on the People Mover and walking around and in this.
So it's kind of like, I don't know, it is a unifying thing in that land and it being
high up and kind of…
I think they painted it at some point.
I didn't remember the rockets being this kind of shiny blue, fluorescent blue almost.
And I think they look good.
Yeah, yeah.
I think the Florida one is pretty spectacular.
Looks good from afar.
I like being up in that California grill at the Contemporary.
It's kind of like the main thing you can see when it's lit up at night and got neon stripes
and that kind of thing.
It's a lot of a big part of the skyline there.
Mike, feelings?
Do you care about any of these?
Yeah, I think I said on Dumbo, the Dumbo episode that I feel like I'm going to fly out of them
and it stresses me out even more now that I'm older.
But as a kid, I did really like it, but it's so slow moving that I would feel like I'm
going to fall out, I'm going to fall out.
And then I would be very afraid to pull it all the way up, because especially when you
go all the way to the top, you're leaning a little bit.
And now you're in an angle.
So then I would just be like a little stressed the whole time.
So I would be very interested in going on it.
But then when I was little, I feel like I would be like, I don't want to raise it up
too high.
So I'm like floating on the ground and all the other kids are just looking like the coolest
kids ever.
All of the other ones are all the way up.
All the other kids are all the way up.
Yeah, I'm getting in that.
When I was a kid, I would get in that thing and as soon as it would start to move, I would
just pull it all the way up.
Of course, Jason's making me look like a loser as a little kid.
I'll do it now to save face.
If I'm on one of these, if I'm on Dumbo, if I'm on Astro Birds, I will go all the way
to top because I know I have to prove to everyone that I'm cool.
To the children?
You have to prove to the children that you're cool?
From three years old to 85 years old, I have to prove now to everybody that I can do this
because I was so afraid to do it when I was little.
I think if you're a four-year-old getting on Dumbo for the first time on your first
trip to Disneyland and as you get aboard that thing, I think the main thing you're thinking
is, hey, that older guy in elephant number nine, is he cool or not?
Yeah, that's what I think they're thinking.
They will say, oh, is he cool or not?
They go, oh, he went all the way to the top and he's spending most of the ride on the
top, so yes, he is cool.
So therefore, no further information needed on whether this guy is cool.
Yes, he's, yes.
I was wondering what his weaknesses were, but I guess he's cool.
Is he blasting Olivia Rodrigo's guts from the elephant as well?
Yes, he is.
cool.
Having listened to some Olivia Rodrigo.
I've listened to half of it.
That was all the work you needed.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've listened to half of it.
You've listened to half of it.
Wow, this guy's elephant is all the way up.
He looks like a guy who's probably listened to half of Olivia Rodrigo's.
My elephant is all the way up, which is, that'd be a good line in a song where I'm, some
sort of hip hop song.
That's a DJ call, yeah.
You can't stop me, my elephant's all the way up.
All the way up.
Yeah.
I do, I do, this is a run, I would be sad if it ever ended if you didn't, if you stopped
shouting names of albums almost in an accusatory fashion at us for maybe thinking that you're
not with it.
I feel like it happened not long ago with like, I've heard Harry Styles, I've heard
the Styles album.
Yeah, yeah.
It's good.
Hey, why are you, I'm not saying you didn't hear it.
I'm not thinking about it at all.
I like the Harry Styles album.
Harry's House, yeah.
Harry's House, yeah.
You've explained Harry's House.
I'm a huge Harry's House fan.
I know you're a big Harry's House guy.
In case you don't think I am anymore, I am.
I just wanted to put that out there.
You think I stopped liking Harry Styles, I didn't.
I don't know, why are you making these gestures like you're like, like you want to choke us?
Because I can tell Jason doesn't believe me.
Well, you got really intense.
You were like, we need to watch Don't Worry Darling without the gossip and hearsay.
Don't listen to the gossip, just listen to the music.
Enjoy the movie.
Yeah.
Enjoy Don't Worry Darling.
Jason, stop looking at me while we record.
You're making me nervous.
Do you like the sad Olivia Rodrigo songs or like that really pop, like up tempo fun song
about looking up with your ass?
There's a couple of slower ones in the first half.
I don't really want to spend too much time because I do have some thoughts on this.
Oh, now all I want to do is girly you about Olivia Rodrigo.
But I'm not prepared necessarily to do it.
I know it's not called-
I thought you liked it, I thought you were cool.
I do like it.
Are you cool or not?
I am cool.
I know it's not called Fuck It, It's Fine, but the song about hooking up with your ass
is really catchy.
Here's the thing.
Some of the songs I think are trying to go for like a young, like a new Joan Jett quality.
And sometimes I feel like with modern recording technologies, things sound too slick and it
doesn't give me quite the feeling or the feeling maybe they were going for.
And then you go back and listen to like early Joan Jett and there's a grittier, it sounds
grittier to me, partly because of the recording.
Well, that's my feeling about, you know, Steely Dan's 2000 album, Two Against Nature versus
like Asia or Gaucho.
Sure, yeah.
The songwriting is still there, but ultimately the recording is just a little too slick.
It's too slick sometimes.
And some bands it's good when it's too slick.
You listen to a Radiohead album and it's like the recording is precise and clean and it
just sounds like, it sounds amazing and that's right for that music.
But when you're going for the grit of Jett.
That's what I think.
But that's kind of a first listen.
So it's not an in-depth review.
I'll get my in-depth review later.
What do you think about the song Love is Embarrassing?
Oh wait, that's track nine.
I guess we don't know.
Shit.
We haven't gotten track nine yet.
Did I get the track nine?
I don't think I did.
You're a bad idea, right guy like me.
Yeah.
I go on the top of Dumbo.
I listen to the newest music.
I'm brutal out there.
I'm sitting on a Dumbo.
I went to the Aras Tour.
I am not aging.
My age is not changing.
It's staying the same.
In fact, it's going backwards.
If I'd seen every night of Aras, it would have reversed all of my gray hairs.
Too expensive.
It was ultimately only, only some of them went backwards.
Yes.
Because I only saw one night.
There is no way you were the only man talking about the Aras Tour breaking down in front
of you.
I saw the Aras Tour.
I was at Aras.
I know I was born in a different era, but I saw Aras today.
I'm just owning.
I went to Beck who was, I went, I fought Taylor Swift traffic to go to Beck and not Taylor
Swift where he made reference to like, all right, let's get all you Swifty dads up and
dancing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm willing to, I'm willing to take dad jokes at my Beck shit.
You got a friendship bracelet that says, baby, I'm a lost cause.
That's how I feel about keeping up.
Yeah.
I know too much about two against nature.
Once you cross the two against nature bridge, there's no going back.
You just can't, you just have to embrace it and know you're not going back to cool.
That older millennials running after us trying to tell us about the best tracks on modern
guilt.
Which is 10 years old.
Which is a variation album.
It's so old at this point.
It's really old.
So anyway, we're all cool.
Now let's prove it by talking about all the iterations of the Astro Jets attraction in
the history of the Disney parks.
So yeah, look, this it's, it's been there since 56.
This was, it was called Astro Jets then it's considered, I didn't realize it was considered
like the first major new ride to get added to Disney post-opening.
So this is, this is, this has proven, Hey, we're not, we didn't blow our wad months ago.
We got, we got more ideas.
You think we only had elephants that spin around.
We got rockets that spin around.
And this was like the most exciting thing there.
I think so at that time, probably.
Yes.
Um, because, you know, it's always been any iteration of this has, you know, yes, it's
a spinner ride like Dumbo, but it's always been kind of, kind of bigger, kind of scarier.
A little more austere possibly.
It's, you know, Dumbo is for little kids.
This is for 12 year olds, at least or only, or eight year olds as brave as 12 year olds.
Yeah.
Well, the best iterations of it are up higher.
They're either above the people mover or in Tokyo just above because it looked better.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
They didn't need to.
They didn't need to.
In Tokyo, there was not a people mover, but they still built a platform for it because
it's cooler.
Also very funny.
The Tokyo version had a big, the big rocket in the center says USA on it.
They kept that design.
That is weird.
Yes.
I mean, that's the, again, I think we'll find the various ways that this attraction
represents the Tomorrowland or the park.
And that to me feels like what that says about Tokyo Disneyland when it opened was let's
just do all the stuff the American parks are doing down to a rocket says USA.
Yeah.
We are rarely reinventing the wheel.
We like what they have.
Let's do what they have.
And then they've come to forge their own identity, you know, in the years since.
Yeah.
But so we got Astrojets.
It's not up on a platform yet.
It's just down on ground level.
They haven't innovated to that extent yet.
Then we get the first name change.
Astro, it was Astrojets until 1964.
United Airlines joins as a park sponsor for the Tiki Room.
And they say no more Astrojets because American Airlines, our competitor, calls their planes
Astrojets.
Yes.
Inaccurately.
Yeah, right.
So they were pitching a fit about something on the other side of the park.
They're not even close to, they don't sponsor that ride, but they don't want anywhere.
They consider that free advertising for American Airlines famous Astrojets.
Isn't everything space age back then?
Like wasn't everyone just using jet and Astro and moon and you know.
Yeah, true.
Yeah, yeah.
That's just, that was them trying to be cool back then.
Yeah.
We're up on that space parlance.
But yeah, I think no reason to make that change, but it leads to our first slight name pivot,
which is Tomorrowland jets.
It is now Tomorrowland jets for several years until the entire thing is torn up.
The first big revamp of Tomorrowland.
And this is where it becomes Rocket jets.
And I remember it as Rocket jets for a long time.
It's not a very like fanciful Rocket situation.
That's a lot of these early ones.
It's very like, it's a little clinical.
It's a little, also kind of representing the Tomorrowland of the era.
We talked about this was actually the moon.
It's not science fiction.
It's science fact, right?
Because we haven't been to the moon yet.
That's another two years away.
Do you think in the, maybe I didn't read anything.
Like were they thinking in the narrative of the spinner ride that you were in space or
since it was just Rocket jets, it was just, we were using a rocket and we were flying
around Disneyland.
Do you know what I'm saying with the difference?
Oh, I see.
Were they thinking that this was like you were going into space or are we just simulating
what it would be like to be in a rocket and shoot around the sky?
Maybe it is, what if it is considered like a training exercise?
I think that's kind of the idea.
Like all of us will be going to space on the regular soon.
We will have, you know, your parents might not move there, but they might, your uncle might.
So you're gonna, we're gonna be taking trips.
That's like, that's like going down to San Diego to see your uncle.
It'll be going to the moon.
So you need to get in shape for that when that comes three years from now.
Yes.
And that's why it's just jet.
Cause like, I think, yeah, you would train with a jet to go into space, I suppose.
Cause Astro Orbiter, obviously the narrative is you're in space.
You think just fully.
I think.
Jason, do you agree with me?
Astro Orbiter, it's the name Astro Orbiter.
And they've got like kind of configurations of planet type things.
They're planet type items.
I think so.
By the way, got very excited when I realized I thought it was a Mandela effect situation
going on, but that one is Astro Orbiter with an O and one is Astro Orbiter with an E.
Yeah.
I was like, oh yeah, we're not going to have any trouble filling this episode.
So many slight differences.
What does it mean?
We've talked about this before.
That, so like I thought as a big theme park fan kid, I thought that everything in the
parks had significance.
Like this is a manicured place and it must be there for a reason and done a certain way
for a reason.
And this one brings me right back to that.
I'm like, what does it mean that one is Astro Orbiter with an E and one is Astro Orbitor
with an O?
Why?
Why did they decide that?
They were only open four years apart.
What is it about?
What does one convey that is different than the other?
I don't really know.
The spelling that's correct is orbiter with an E.
Yeah.
But correct, yes, correct.
But can you not dream, Michael?
Can you not, orbitor has a grandeur to it.
Doesn't it feel like-
I don't disagree.
This is the only the dreamers like H.
G.
Wells and Jules Verne could imagine an O instead
of a clinical E.
Of course.
It does feel spacier and another wrench is thrown in when you look at some of the international
parks and they call it the orbitron.
Yes.
Right?
Yeah.
And it's like, well, that adds a whole new wrinkle to this scenario.
I don't know what to think now.
I mean, what's the better designed one from Disney World Disneyland, do you think?
I'm looking just to double check what I think.
Well, I think the black and white ones from Star Trek era might be the most like tasteful
design they've ever gotten.
But I think Tomorrowland, New Tomorrowland, which is what they call the Florida redo in
94.
And do they also call that out here?
Was that also called New Tomorrowland?
I think just New Tomorrowland.
I always say Tomorrowland 94 for Florida, Tomorrowland 98 for Disneyland.
Sure.
I'm looking back and forth.
It's hard to say.
They are similar.
Both of these were out of the clinical 60s rocket era.
They were into fanciful science fiction design.
I think I like the Disneyland one better, but I like the placement obviously in Disney
World much better.
I like the placement better.
Yes.
Do we like the gold?
Do we like that being made?
It used to be more gold.
Well, I was going to say it's like it's kind of still out of place as far as the gold,
the Jules Verne.
Did Jules Verne use a lot of O's instead of E's?
Is that part of it?
Well, let's ask the reader over here.
It seems like something Jason, the book reader, would know.
I don't know.
I think one or two.
Early science fiction, kind of like early horror is very clinical, very stiff.
Reading a Lovecraft book.
Yeah.
I was like, I'm going to read a Lovecraft book.
I'm like, my God, the details here that feel superfluous.
Yeah, some of them are better than others.
It definitely works well in short stories.
Lovecraft.
I don't think I've ever read a full novel.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I like the Tomorrowland one better, but yeah, I don't know.
I guess it looks a little more fantastic.
Well, not much, but not much really.
Similar zone.
I mean, some of the whether you like it better, I feel like comes from the broader land.
Let me keep stepping through historically a little bit.
So Tomorrowland 67, with that redo, this is when the big choice is made.
This is when we move upstairs.
And in doing so, by putting it on top of that platform, it's PeopleMover on the second level,
RocketJet's all the way on the top.
You got to take a gantry.
Gets you up so high, more thrilling, better views up there.
And it goes from a C ticket to a D ticket, a rare attraction where it itself doesn't
do anything it couldn't do before.
But placement alone gets it one ticket level up.
That makes sense to me.
I think speaks to the virtue of putting it up on that platform.
Yes.
It's what like what unlocks its ultimate form, you would think.
Vibes.
Yeah.
The vibes massively increased.
You know, the ride doesn't do anything different, but I wasn't taking vibes into account.
There are major vibes up there.
So anyway, that version is still that's the USA.
That's kind of clinical modern rocket.
But it's from the Disneyland I started going to.
Like I'm still very fond of pre redo 80s well into the 90s style.
Tomorrowland where there'd just be a big big Coca Cola sign and that's not even the logo
they use anymore.
And that neon Mickey, of course.
But I don't know.
It's not the most fanciful thing, but I still liked it.
When they bring this to Disney World, they do the same thing.
They put it up on top of the platform.
It's now here's another.
It's Star Jets there.
Yes.
OK.
Rocket Jets here.
Star Jets there.
What is it in Tokyo when they open essentially this?
I think it's Rockets.
I think you go back to Rockets.
Yes.
Why?
We don't know why these pivots.
We aren't sure.
And then what really changes it all, what cracks the whole thing open is Disneyland,
Paris or Euro Disneyland at the time.
This is where we start breaking the Tomorrowland mold.
They're getting the sense that these Tomorrowlands are not aging very well
and that everything's a little stuck in the 60s in a bad way.
So this is the first time that we have that notion of it's the future that never was.
And it's inspired by the great writers.
And we try to do something that feels a little future, but retro, but timeless.
And I feel like that orbitron in Paris is like one of the biggest manifestations of that.
It seems like something they were very proud of to take this ride that maybe feels like
a clinical round and round rocket ride and turn it into this like sculpture, this like
living sculpture.
Verne, a national hero, like a beloved figure.
And we're going to make like the land.
And the French said, thank you so much.
Merci beaucoup.
Yes, they did the polite spinning.
You know, we are so happy about this.
We will not throw eggs at your press conferences.
Thank you, Mr.
Baxter for your Jules Verne inspiration.
Like you say, we will blow our smoke to your left, not in your face.
No cultural Chernobyl is this.
So here we get, and this is where we also, we don't put it up on a platform anymore.
It is back down to the ground.
And is that okay?
Can we go backwards?
Is that allowed?
If you're getting more out of it, if you're, you know, because what we've added are all
of these like these orbs that you pass by that it is this living, moving sculpture.
Yeah.
And, you know, like that it feels very like it looks like, you know, fantastical concept
art from Verne era.
And like, there's, you know, like, like compass type components and, and that sort of thing.
It's definitely cool.
I don't know.
What do we think about this choice just at the pierce stage?
Well, it's going to, my opinion is going to probably fall on all the, all of the ones
that have this extra planet stuff.
But I think the thought process was, yeah, you're elevating the experience of a spinner
by now presenting abstractions of space and planets and stuff.
But really, when you're on an Astro orbiter or any sort of spinning ride, what you're
doing is just seeing how far you can see into the distance.
You're just seeing, hey, I can see tomorrow.
You can kind of see the top of the building over there.
You can see the tree house over there in Disneyland.
Like there's no way that's not going to be what if you have an open air ride like this,
you're just trying to see, oh, I can see outside of Disneyland.
Like that's all your dumb brain is doing.
So I don't mind the planets even being there because it's kind of an interesting thing
to go by.
But I feel it's more for the people looking at the ride than it is for the people in the
cars because I don't pay any attention to these planets.
That's a good point.
When you're in the car, you're just trying to see how far you can see into the distance.
Only as sculpture can you judge these things by what they look like in the middle.
But when you're on it, you're probably not looking at the middle.
No, you're just, you're trying to see what you can see.
You're trying to see if you can see your car or something.
If it's parked on the Mickey and Friends parking structure.
But this is one where the Florida one is a little elevated because the planets are kind
of encircling you a bit.
Yes.
You know, they're not entirely in the center where you could ignore them.
They're kind of.
They're getting in your vision.
They're getting in the vision.
Even if you're focusing.
Same thing in Florida.
Are you look staring at, oh, there's a planet.
No, you're trying to see, oh, I can see.
Well, sometimes they glow at night.
I'm not saying it's that cool and it's not part of it, but aren't you just trying to
see if you can see the Polynesian from there?
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, yeah, look at Bay Lake.
Oh, I can see over here.
Yeah, like that to me, that's always what's fun about being up high on one of these things
is like kind of trying to see what you can see.
So does that have to factor if we are like ultimately, you know, we haven't been on all
of these because a lot of them are international, but I wonder if we can determine which is the
best and does this factor need to be entered into it?
I think so.
To be not just the placemaking of the ride itself, but like what do you get to see?
Yeah, and it's so Disney World to me is like the winner.
Yeah.
We're just judging by that.
I love like Everest.
When I'm going up that little Everest climb, I am just looking to see what I can see in
the distance because it's the flat swamp of Orlando.
I'm like, oh, I can see the Tower of Terror from here.
I'm looking around.
I'm completely taken out of the narrative of Everest.
I don't give a fuck about Everest on that climb.
I do when I get back inside.
I love Everest again, but from that point on, I'm just like, oh, can I see I drive from here?
Oh, I can see this.
I can see Spaceship Earth.
Yeah.
Anytime I'm up high in a theme park thing, that's what I'm looking.
I'm looking for other stuff.
Doom?
It's like, hey, can you put me on this side where I can see the Tony Romans on iDrive?
100%.
Yes.
I want to see the rock.
If I'm on knots, I want to see the rock and bruise if I'm up high.
I want to see what I can see.
Can I see the Portillo's from one of the coasters?
That is always exciting.
Yeah, I do like seeing the tip of that rock and bruise guitar.
Yeah, exactly.
So that's what I think.
I think they kind of overthought it in a way of like, well, here, these planets will be
entertainment for the riders, but not entertainment for me.
I'm looking for things in Anaheim I can see or other parts of the park that is usually
I can't see from this location.
So you got to get up high.
So you got to get up high.
That's the way I feel about it.
I texted you guys about this a little bit.
I and a friend of the show, Buzz Buzz, I'm sorry, I say it in every episode.
Sure.
Had a really fun night.
Something we'd never thought about doing before, which is just bar hopping all of the sky bars,
all of the rooftop bars around Disneyland.
No money given to Disneyland just fully.
But exactly what you're talking about and are after, which is like, it was really fun
going upstairs at every hotel we could find.
Okay, what do you got here?
All right, you got a little bit of space.
Man, you're here that you can kind of that kind of cuts through and you could see.
Is that a lit up Mark Twain over there landed at a bar?
What was this?
This place is called.
I also like the slight rearranging of magical words.
We talk about Disney rearranging the same words over and over.
But all the hotels on Harbor all like the one we were at was Grand Legacy at the park.
How many it's like off brand Halloween costumes.
How many words can we kind of jumble together to illustrate?
The exact same thing.
Yeah, Castle Magic Lodge.
Does that really one of the names?
No, no.
That's actually an elevated one actually.
I got excited about it.
Grand Legacy at the park was pretty cool.
I think we determined that one's good because you can see fireworks.
They pump in music.
They briefly stop playing their in-house music,
which is like a outdated version of dance remix of Red Hot Chili Peppers, by the way.
Which did I think of you when this came on?
I'm glad.
I did, Mike.
Yeah, Mike has disappeared.
It's just a puff looney tunes puff of smoke because he's running to this place.
Well, this is a thing I do not like I end up doing it to no one.
Even if there's people there who won't understand what's happening.
Something like that comes on and I do your move.
You point.
A little smirk and like, oh, hear that.
A very obvious song that you hear almost everywhere.
You know what's funny?
You say that.
I don't know if I've said this on the show before.
This sticks out to me and I don't know that I was copying this woman,
but when I was like 19 or 20 and working at the container store,
I was helping a woman find something in the store and a song came on and the woman stopped
and I swear she pointed up and she said, oh, this is KT Tunstall.
KT Tunstall.
For that song, it's in like soap ads.
Like, wow, a rare opportunity to hear that song.
I never thought it would happen to me.
I was working at the container store as so many of these letters start.
KT Tunstall.
So you heard that happen and you're like, this is something I should aim for.
I don't think I stole it from there, but when you just pointed,
I just had that memory of it all of a sudden, like somebody doing it to me.
Someday, I dream of someday that there will be an artist named Ed Sheeran and his song
Shape of You will come on everywhere that you are for two years time.
And when that happens, I will point up at the speaker to acknowledge it is happening.
Mike, you remember that because that was like a turning point.
That was a fulcrum.
Your life could have gone in a different direction.
You could have fallen in love with that woman, started a whole new…
The woman was like 40 years older than me.
This is like your sliding door.
What's that?
I think the woman was like 40 years older than me.
But this is your sliding doors moment.
I'm not saying it lasted forever, but she could have educated you in the ways of the world.
Of the ways of Tunstall?
Yeah, Tunstall.
And you would have been changed.
These are the B sides of…
I've never deep dived on KT Tunstall's music career.
That's the way to get cool.
Hero's Journey.
Character returns to beginning, but changed.
I disagree with some of the philosophy of what Jason's saying,
but I can't disagree that ultimately anything could be a sliding doors moment.
And he's right.
You could have married that 40 years at 19, based on her like of KT Tunstall.
You could have married…
Well, it could have just been one crazy summer sort of thing.
I'm not saying it could have been married.
The thrill for her too of getting hit on by a 19-year-old in container store employee.
I'm wearing the apron, like 160 pounds.
Yeah, it's true.
I was…
Look, I…
Couldn't help but notice you like music.
And containers.
We both love containers.
We both love to rock.
But what sizes and what shelves can you put them on?
Well, I can help her with that and she can help me with other things.
She can help teach me other things.
You have a history of years of sexual awareness.
What do you know, Tunstall woman?
Puts the record player KT Tunstall search button in.
My world changes forever.
You walk in, she's got a full vinyl collection, hundreds of albums.
Then you realize it's all the same.
It's different copies of the same.
I don't even know what that's called.
Have you sing woohoo.
That is the KT Tunstall song, right?
I think so.
What was Corinne Bailey Ray?
That's my only…
Oh, oh.
Do you want me to put your records on?
Is that right?
Who was Feel the Rain on your skin?
Feel the rain on your skin.
No one else can feel it for you.
Never went past that in the song.
If I could avoid it.
Oh.
Never…
I like a good song that's omnipresent that I somehow never finish.
Well, I've watched more of a Lessons as commercials than you, I suppose.
Natasha Bedingfield?
Okay.
And is Natasha Bedingfield?
KT Tunstall woohoo.
Woohoo.
I get all the shampoo music confused.
Yeah, yeah.
The mid-2000s shampoo music.
Yeah.
Oh, that's 2004.
Who's…
Everybody have big plans for the KT Tunstall woohoo 20th anniversary question?
What's a better rock woohoo?
That or Blur?
Oh, I'm just trying all my old favorites.
1-800-collect, Star 69, like all the other…
You just like to dial those numbers sometimes?
Just every now and then, yeah.
Just to get the feeling?
Just for a flashback, because those woohoo songs were like in those too, you know?
Good woohoo's back then.
Anyway, just to wrap this up briefly, it was like a night where we didn't even…
Disney got no money.
We didn't go on a ride and yet we had such a blast.
Just like what are our different…
Yeah, yeah.
And I would recommend to…
If you're around there, or if you want to go do a bar hop of that area,
I send you guys a picture of this.
Go to the top of the Fairfield Resort.
Is there a bar?
No.
Are you allowed to be in there?
No.
Will anyone stop you?
No.
But it's motel style.
One thing that was disturbing about this entire trip was realizing
how easy it was to just be a guy on the street on Harbor Boulevard,
and then within 20 steps be just knocking on a family's door if you wanted to.
Oh, yeah, sure.
And just open the door.
Hello, it's me from the street.
Yeah.
Sure.
We didn't do any of that.
Here's what I'm saying.
Go to the top of the Fairfield.
It's the one with a Panera in the parking lot.
And when you're at the top, look down and you will get a special treat.
I don't know if I should spoil the treat.
Skip ahead if you don't want to hear what the treat is.
You can also see this on Google Maps.
If you look down from above, you can see the worst drawn Mickey Mouse
you've ever seen in your life.
Fainted on top of whatever.
It looks like whatever.
They're like Lobby Top or Helipad.
Part of me thinks we should put this on a shirt.
This weird grotesque Mickey.
Grotesque Mickey, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
That's as deep of a reference as you could.
And I think it's off enough that they couldn't have a problem with it.
Yeah.
His ears are so floppy that he's almost becoming a mule.
Yeah, it's Mickey Mule.
Mickey went to Pleasure Island.
Oh, this is, yeah, yeah.
And he's smoking and drank and he's turning into like a donkey or a mule.
Yeah, this is Mickey a couple cigars in.
Yeah.
What's happening to me?
To the salt mines with me, I guess.
Sorry, I had one sip of beer.
I thought it'd be okay because it was all foam.
Being convinced by Clint Eastwood to just, you know, drive across border a few times.
Oh, I see.
Oh, the mule.
Have some threesome.
Have some 80 rough threesome, you know?
I also, our findings from this night, we got there too late to like actually hang there,
but here's my big recommendation is the Westin, which is on the corner of Disneyland Drive and
Nutella.
It's like such a straight shot view of Incredicoaster and Mickey's Fun Wheel.
So you time it, you get it up there when World of Color is in progress and then you're getting
your Mickey's Fun Wheel trip light show.
And it seemed superior in general, much better eyelines than Parkestry,
which is the bar at the top of the JW Marriott, which connects, not good sight lines, but
it does have an exclusive door to Garden Walk, the most confusing mall in the world.
So it just depends on what you're after.
If you want Anaheim, if you want proximity to Garden Walk and their restaurant Huckleberries,
which is a full ripoff of the vibe of Knott's Berry Farm.
It's clearly Garden Walk trying to tap into different berries.
Suddenly, I got to say, after this night, I'm maybe coming around on Harbor Hoedown.
Yeah?
It was, there's something truly perverse and fascinating about an all Harbor night.
That's interesting.
And the only Tony Romas in the state remaining around there.
We got to act fast then.
Well, this is reversed from City Walks on because it's the fewest episode.
Like it's one and a half episodes.
Is it?
Well, all right.
Sorry, Mike.
Mike's back.
The pump of smoke is gone and now he's furious.
Vain is back to first.
Was the old Fuddruckers on Harbor?
No, it wasn't.
They closed on in Anaheim as well.
There's only a couple of Fuddruckers left.
There's some videos now people doing like deep dives on what happened
to chain restaurants on YouTube that I've been watching.
I watched so many of these.
But yeah, this sounds very interesting.
A Garden Walk, I just, how much stuff is,
is there a lot of empty space at Garden Walk or is?
Um, it's all, it used to be, that used to be the case.
And if you don't know, by the way, this is a park,
this is a mall that's not next to Disneyland.
It's like inconveniently several long city blocks away.
And we've always theorized this is a mall that Disney is trying to run
into the ground so that they can buy the property.
And it's, you know, somewhat mission accomplished because all the spaces
are filled by something, but by like weird things.
Like there's just like, here's a half of the mall space or half of the store
space is filled by arcade games and they aren't good arcade games.
They're like 20 year old arcade games.
And how do they justify this as something you might want to walk into?
I don't know, call it K-pop games.
No other reflection of K-pop culture at all.
I don't know.
I saw that word trending.
I think put it on there and I saw that word trending five years ago.
It'll get a couple more quarters into our resting T3 machine.
That's not even factored in.
There's the whole big environmental impact plan that came out for the
Disneyland Forward project in Anaheim.
And they're still like, I wonder if they're even thinking about Garden Walk at this point.
There was a long thread about Disneyland Forward going around.
I think based on that environmental impact.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, there's a lot of maps and stuff and like you can see what they're maybe planning.
But I was wondering about Garden Walk is like, is truly the plan is to completely
choke it out until it's, please take it off our hands, Disney.
Because it doesn't seem like that's even part of the 30 year plan.
Poor House of Blues.
Just getting shuttled around in Anaheim.
Poor House of Blues indeed.
Although we also, we're talking, we viewed it as like a power move that they said like,
we don't need you, Disney.
We can pack this, we'll get an old movie theater, make it a House of Blues.
And it was jam packed, which made the parking college an absolute nightmare.
Sure.
I'm not pro them selling it to Disney.
I'm just saying.
And then there is, who knows how far along it is, but is it OC Vibe is the one that's
supposed to come along by Angel Stadium?
OC Vibe where the I is an exclamation point.
Yes.
And there is like a theme dinner, like somebody who used to work for Disney and Universal is
like, I think in charge of whatever they say now, experiences or whatever.
I see them on Twitter every now and then posting interesting stuff.
I mean, this is good.
This could be the next LA Live, a bad mall that we don't ever go near.
I mean, if we, if we're already not going to LA Live, even though it's 20 minutes from
where we live, surely we'll be soon not going to OC Vibe, which is an hour and 20 away from
where we live.
Is Shaq's restaurant down there is one of his restaurants?
Oh, maybe.
I wanted to try that.
Yes.
The Shaq sit down restaurant is really good.
It's like a barbecue restaurant.
The Shaq fast food restaurant sucks ass.
The one in Glendale.
Yes.
Oh, I see.
That is bad news.
But the barbecue one's good, may have closed.
I'm not sure.
Might have been a pandemic close.
Kind of.
There's a yard house down there.
Not usually number one on the priority list when you're dating a vegetarian, the barbecue
place.
So the workplace have Impossible Meat nowadays.
That's true.
Yeah.
That's true.
So.
But sometimes that is disgusting.
Occasionally.
Sometimes cooked really well.
I think I'm done eating Impossible Meat.
I think so.
How are you?
I understand.
I don't like Beyond Meat because I always get a stomach ache.
And then I was eating Impossible Meat and I can handle that.
But then I started looking at the ingredients and I was like, I'll just eat some vegetables.
Like what?
Like.
Yes.
Yes.
There's a barbecue place in Burbank that cooks it really well.
Yeah.
I'll just have some like chickpeas and vegetables.
I don't know.
There's just too many ingredients and it bleeds.
And I was all, maybe I'm crazy.
Maybe somebody will tell me I'm wrong, but I was just like, why is it bleed?
It shouldn't bleed.
I don't know.
It might trick your brain.
I've been drinking these.
It does trick my brain, but I was just like, there was something about it where I was just
like, I'll just eat some vegetables.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Somebody tell me I'm wrong.
I've been drinking these non-alcoholic beers.
Athletic Brewing makes.
They're really good.
It's the ones John Moxley was plugging to get free cases.
So.
Oh, okay.
I, I don't know.
Who's John Moxley?
Professional wrestler.
Professional wrestler.
Yes, I should assume.
Multi-time world champion.
But if I don't follow wrestling, I don't know who it is.
I don't know.
I thought maybe you had seen him.
He used to wrestle under the name Dean Ambrose.
He's kind of a squirrely guy.
When he was Dean Ambrose, he was squirrely.
Now he's scary.
We're going to clip this and we're going to tag him and he's going to hear what you just said.
I don't think, well, that wasn't, he wasn't fully in charge of that character.
John Moxley is terrifying.
He's just beating people up and bleeding all the time.
He got a bunch of skewers stuck in his head in Wembley Stadium.
He loves it.
He loves it.
He loves for it.
He loves skewers.
He's an artist.
Loves brain skewers.
Guy's an artist.
Shaquille's is closed.
There's no Shaquille's.
Don't go to LA Live.
Should we, we've not discussed if we should go to the Shaquille Halloween event in Long Beach.
I emailed them a press.
I said there's a press day or something, but I've yet to receive a response.
What is it called?
Shaqtoberfest?
Shaqtoberfest.
At the Queen Mary.
or at least next, early next year too.
Shaq is everywhere with the, yeah.
What Shaq stuff is coming?
Well, I can't say, I can't say right now.
You can't say?
Yeah.
There's Shaq rumors.
We can't talk about?
There's Shaq stuff.
There's just a lot of, I just, for some reason, the last month,
Shaq and all of the-
Mike has signed a Shaq-based NDA.
A Shaq DA.
There's a street date when his review can come out for Shaq's new like financial services company.
And I would, to put it back into theme park terms,
we want, if we want, if we need sponsorship to get big rides happening,
a general ride.
Oh my, yeah.
That could be the most product placement ride ever made.
I'd be thrilled.
It is time for a revival.
I mean, Shaq and the general, not that they ever went away, but it's like,
okay, it's time to do the full court press, guys.
It's time to re-build them.
We haven't had enough.
We haven't had enough.
Okay, so where were we?
France, Orbitron, Discoveryland, pretty successful.
I think, I feel like for all of the faults of how Disneyland Paris went over when it opened,
I think architecturally, vibe-wise, it made a lot of imagineers think this is it.
We need versions of this in the park.
So Tomorrowland 94 happens.
It's not quite that, but it's this different, it's this more Buck Rogers 30s way of doing
that never was, which I always like for its color and its neon and all of the things that
the Disney World Astro Orbiter has.
And then we get to Tomorrowland 98.
This is where they just literally say, let's put Discoveryland in, but in a facade way.
We will paint everything that's their gold.
And as part of that, the Astro Orbiter will, we're going to take that Orbitron,
literally the exact same design, put that in Tomorrowland and not just in Tomorrowland,
but in the front of Tomorrowland.
Big rocks jutting out as part of this display as well.
Something that felt a lot like something Paris did and would have done.
But as mainly Astro Orbiter comes down, it's no longer up on its perch.
It's at the front of the park, which I think we can all agree,
a successful move that added to the kinetic energy of the hub.
No one likes this.
This is one of these.
If you started this episode, you must have known this is where it's going.
We will pick apart various other things about Tomorrowland and Tomorrowland areas,
but this is a chance to just fully discuss this, tackle this.
What is this?
Why did this happen?
Well, the thing that I came across a couple places is that they fully were prepared to put
the Orbitron up top.
Yeah, yeah, I read that.
And it was too heavy.
Too heavy, because it's big and bulbous and all of its accompanying set pieces didn't all fit,
which feels strange because there's something like that at Disney World up on top of that tower.
Yeah, I guess it's more reinforced.
But then the other thing I saw, that kinetic sculpture, which is called the Observatron,
the Orbitron is not the Observatron.
The Orbitron is not the Observatron.
No, that is mostly the guts of the StarJet.
No, no, no, wait.
Sorry, the RocketJets.
RocketJets.
Oh, see?
RocketJets are not StarJets.
Orbitron is not made of StarJets.
It's made of RocketJets.
Yeah, so this is, they took off the rockets, they sold the rockets at auction,
and they put these fakie satellite dishes on.
But still had a spinning mechanism with arms, just the guts.
And it would come alive and play music.
Now, I saw this.
It did used to do this.
They did it.
I saw it.
This was done.
But it was unreliable.
Somehow running it every few minutes was okay,
but running it every 15 minutes made it freak the hell out.
Strange.
Not regular enough, I guess.
We end up in this bizarre world of there's an Astro Orbiter
up at the front of Tomorrowland,
and then the guts of it still are up on that platform,
but just doing a little show.
Sometimes, sometimes, what is the show even?
Satellite spin array.
It was meant to convey that we're going to communicate with the stars.
It's like almost, sure, it's designed,
but it's also kind of a makeshift ET contact weird kind of,
and like a light will shoot up.
And it's where we're talking to aliens, I guess.
It was certainly unique the first time I saw it.
It scared the hell out of me.
Didn't know it was coming.
Wasn't sure what was happening.
You thought you were being invaded?
I think I was just walking around the land,
and suddenly stuff was moving and there was music.
Just walking with a hand with you had retrieved hot dogs and sodas
for your entire family.
Jason, you mind getting those?
And I was bouncing them back and forth.
I think this was the only other place that had the room to put it here
without using like, or without demolishing something.
There's no other big, there's not a plot of land open in.
And it's the, well, then you start going, well, why did they do it at all?
And is that, is part of that that like, it becomes clear,
Tomorrowland 98 is gonna be all clones.
We're gonna move just exactly, honey, I shrunk the audience,
the same movie from Epcot into that theater.
InnoVentions, which is new, but cheapo.
It's all just kind of, we'll put a fin on that building.
Racing stripes, I feel, look pretty sharp.
And then this, which is just, the fact that they
could have put it up on top if they just redesigned it,
but they didn't redesign it.
It is exactly the specifications of Paris,
where it was rapturously received.
What a wonderful sculpture they have here.
So why would that not, so they jam it into the front
and that justification always felt so flimsy into the kinetic energy.
What is that?
You know what that's like for real when there's a, when it's cool,
when there's a bunch of Disneyland vehicles going by.
This isn't a good version of that.
I would say that it makes more sense, even though I don't think,
it makes more sense as a decision if you didn't have a people mover or a rocket rod,
but the rocket rods opened and the idea was still to have the rocket rods going.
You got other types of rockets and no rocket rods are not rocket jets.
And it's not rocket to the moon, which is not flight to the moon.
So you do have movement that's coming pretty close to that entrance
and you can see in there and oh, there's things moving around.
So if there was nothing else, maybe you could say that this made more sense.
But it's not that they didn't know rocket rods was going to fail and destroy the track.
That it would either be, they'd be deserted tracks.
All those opposite of kinetic energy.
Any elevated platform they built before 1990 apparently is just flimsy as hell and can't
support much.
Disney did not know how to build elevated platforms.
Yeah.
So yeah, I guess.
They can send me on a rocket to the moon, but they can't build a platform.
That holds rockets to the moon.
Unbelievable.
Yeah.
So I guess that all combined, I guess like they really wanted to get this in here.
I mean, I guess my preference would be just don't put it here.
Just get rid of it.
I guess if you can't.
I feel like ever since we've all been holding on for when they will knock it out.
This has to go.
It is going to happen.
It's just a matter of when do we get this tomorrow and budget.
When Apple buys Disney, then maybe it will be removed.
Yes.
And you put it up on top and you turn all of the orbs into big apples.
That's right.
And it's a representation of how Tim Cook gets his ideas.
This is what's happening.
Yeah, that's true.
It's Tim Cook's brain.
Ideas swirling around a big apple.
I think he's one of those maniacs who's like, I wake up at 5 a.
m.
every day.
I wake up at 4.
30 a.
m.
That's also, I think somebody-
This seems to be your particular version to, I either wakes up at 4, Tim Cook wakes up at 5.
I find it troubling.
I don't think it's good for the circadian rhythm.
You would find it troubling if they said they woke up at 9.
Jason, don't ever have children.
I recognize it's begrudging.
You see these disgusting CEOs getting up before 9 a.
m.
Jason's not opposed to rise and grinding.
Just the grinding starts at 11.
45.
Yeah, yeah.
I think that-
The sun is casting a shadow.
I think though that some of these people are lying.
I think a lot of CEOs are lying.
I think that there's some person that tells them, like the CEO whisperer,
that tells them the right lie to talk about how much they're working.
It's a defense mechanism against people that think they make too much money.
You see with actors too, they have these insane schedules up at 4 a.
m.
and the rock is up at 4 a.
m.
and he carbo-
Well, at least he can back it up by pointing at his muscles.
Well, that's true.
That's true.
But Tim Cook or Eiger?
Stay Prayed Up.
Are you following him on Instagram?
I'll check in here.
I'm a fan of the entire-
I love when he says, stay prayed up.
All the spokes on the wheel of the Wahlberg of F45 and-
Mike, are you getting alerts from the Bible app?
Not yet, but I will soon.
What's the Bible app called?
Oh, I don't know.
I forget.
But I love-
I don't remember it.
He posts nonstop on Instagram and it is fascinating.
He forces his children to be young entrepreneurs too.
So you can follow them.
They're like a card.
They have like a card business.
He's trying to build a big movie studio in Vegas.
Yes.
Trying to build a Hollywood in the desert, which very much seems like the reverse of like
Nickelodeon Studios, Universal Studios in Monsoon covered Florida.
We have just the blinding sun and heat of the desert.
So I guess sound stages.
There's something stronger than the elements and that's wokeness.
If you can get away from that by leaving Los Angeles, you can endure any weather conditions.
Halo is the app.
Halo be thy name.
Okay.
I referred earlier to this.
I realize it might be a big objection I have to this placement of this.
The former rocket jets, the ones in Florida,
there's that main drag that a lot of Tomorrowlands have.
Sometimes up way high towards the end of it are the rocket jets, Astro Orbit or whatever,
and it is the weenie.
It's the thing bringing you into the land.
By putting it in the front, it's an inverse weenie.
It's an inverted weenie.
This is something no one wants.
An abomination that is literally blocking you from coming into the land.
It's almost like it's telling you stop here.
This is as good as it gets.
It's crazy and stressful and we got nothing going on back here.
Only come back if you want space.
We know you like Spaceman.
We know you'll end up here.
You'll have to.
But anything else, you might want to back up.
Yes.
There was a lot of problems with Tomorrowland 98, number one being money.
I wonder if this was just like, I guess, got to go somewhere.
All of the decisions in Tomorrowland 98 feel like, ugh.
We got to put a ride in here.
We have this ride designed.
All we got to do is build it again.
It was just like, well, maybe this will be an interesting…
This will just draw people toward Tomorrowland.
And it sounded interesting.
And the concept art looked interesting.
I don't think I would have hated it just in concept.
No.
I don't hate it, but I wouldn't have been like, bad move, big mistake here.
I would have been like, oh, yeah, that's interesting in the front of Tomorrowland.
Okay.
It's almost like there's the castle and then there's a big ride here.
And it's kind of not what happens at Frontierland or Adventureland
where it's like the mystery lies past the entrances.
It makes it uneven.
It doesn't match the others, essentially.
But I feel like almost…
Imagine the reverse, okay?
Rockets just say up top, they put a kinetic sculpture at the entrance.
Now, that's probably difficult because of the audio soundscape of Mainz.
There's just so much going on.
You probably can't blast like Twinkle-ing, you know,
from the Earth to the Moon soundtrack from Paris or whatever.
But imagine if the Starjets had just stayed up top
and they just painted them golden bronze.
I mean, Rocketjets, but sure.
Rocketjets, fuck.
It's gonna bother me.
I don't want to fuck it up.
We need a swear jar in the middle.
Every time that we get one of the minute name differences wrong.
I also focused on the orbitron.
It's not the observatron.
I'm forgetting about the Rocketjets.
And if you could say Rocketjets in Rocket Raccoon's voice from now on also.
It's the Rocketjets.
Take the gantry lift.
Take the gantry lift to the Rocketjets.
Which ate the Astrojets.
Wow, you can see Neon Mickey really good from up here.
Well, I would say just what they should have is a sign that says Tomorrowland.
And then the good stuff comes when you go into the land.
I mean, they put up a couple of those in the last five or six years or so.
Well, they got rid of those big rocks.
Yeah.
Now, I'm gonna bring this up.
And I don't want to be sacrilegious as we discuss Wahlberg and Hallow.
I don't want to say anything against who we believe in the most.
But I feel like this has always been pegged as a Tony Baxter problem.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I said it.
I don't want to say anything rude to this man.
At least in my head, am I crazy?
I feel like I've thought this whole thing of it being up front.
And the rocks being there.
And because he really liked that orbitron in Paris, that this is somehow,
in my head, it's always been his fault somehow.
But is this false?
Is this internet fan theory?
And do you put this on the pile with probably Eisner Golfer?
And I still think probably Space Mountain fans.
Well, I've heard him talk about it.
Is that why we know this?
Yeah, because he was in charge of Disneyland Paris.
So much of it was him.
And he's the Jules Verne guy.
Because that all came from Discovery Bay, his long ago proposed expansion for Disney.
He has like a Jules Verne time machine in his house.
I've seen the video of it.
So he's a big Jules Verne guy.
So I've heard him talk about Tomorrowland 98.
And he said basically, he acknowledges,
I don't know that he acknowledges the placement here is wrong.
But he says that they didn't have a lot of money to do this.
And in hindsight, he thought that they were doing the best they could with the money.
I think he said the point, the guests don't know the budget ultimately.
So it's like they're not taking that into account.
And I think he thinks of this as sort of a failure.
And I don't know that it's completely, obviously not his fault that there wasn't enough money.
But what about this thing?
Do you think that-
This specific placement you're saying is his fault.
Yeah, and I saw comments saying that people were going a bit over.
But this is message board stuff, so you can't trust this.
But I saw people saying this is there because of ego.
He wanted his precious orbitron in the park come hell or high water.
And it's interesting question.
Oh, you can't it's too heavy to put up on top of the platform.
I don't care.
Put it anywhere it takes.
It must be there.
I don't know if I believe this sounds like the kind of when people are like
broadcasting theories about showrunners on shows and like, well, you
and then you talk to somebody who was actually in the room and like,
oh, that is all made up.
That's all a bunch of shit.
Yeah, it definitely sounds like narrative writing.
I think the legitimate narrative is like budgets failing and falling apart
and necessity being the mother of the bench and we have to do something.
And I think that kind of overshadowed actual guest behavior of like,
well, this line is going to be really long and people are still going to wait in it,
but it might be unpleasant.
And also this long strip behind it is going to become stroller parking.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, nobody thought about that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if we can ever talk to him again, let's ask him.
Was it your ego that put this shitty?
Let's talk about your ego.
Yeah, we'll talk about his ego for a while.
I want to see if we can get if he because he said there was supposed to be a sponsor on
rocket rides and drop down.
Rocket rides?
Rocket rides.
Yeah.
Did you call it rocket rides?
I think I did.
Well, that's the topic today.
Yeah.
I didn't focus.
Quarter in the square jar.
Quarter in the square jar.
Rocket rides.
Quarter in the jargon jar.
I'm selling rocket rides.
I think that sponsor was supposed to shoulder some of the financial burden.
Sure.
The late 90s Disney company kind of losing its footing in a lot of areas.
So there was definitely some of that in the air, but it's like, I'm still so curious.
Who ruined Tomorrowland with their pulling the budget?
Chevy?
Actually be blamed for this.
Hummer?
Don't know.
There's Disneyland Paris, I think.
That ultimately.
That's what destroys the Disney Decade.
That's what destroys.
Yeah.
Well, I hate to, I'm sorry.
I'm going to bring this up.
The ornate nature of Disneyland Paris.
Was this not informed by the level of detail of Mr.
Baxter?
And him wanting to, for it to be the most elevated Disneyland park that there was.
Now, of course, this is all approved by Eisner, who's chasing this European credibility that
he never quite gets.
I don't want to throw either of these men under the bus.
Of course not.
I'm whispering it.
That's how much I don't want this to get out.
Well, when you're involved in a company, you're not.
It's not all home runs.
I'm sure you can look at any Imagineer and maybe there's a few things that didn't work as well.
You know, so.
For every look at Katzenberg for every Shrek, there's a Quibi.
Yeah, right.
I mean, not for every Shrek.
He made Shrek two and three and he didn't make that many.
Maybe he probably didn't make a lot of upstart companies that didn't work.
Yeah.
So yeah, I mean, it's a good question.
I don't know specifically.
And it's so much of even as much as like a books, Imagineering books are out there.
There's so much that's just not quite known and will maybe never be known.
Because it's just not as documented as other stuff in Hollywood.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, certainly not if the books are published by Walt Disney or Ipion Publishing.
I think the expectations too with France, they should have just sent every citizen a free ticket.
They should have sent it.
Every citizen?
Every citizen in France.
There's not that many of them.
Population of France.
Look it up.
Look it up.
How much do you think there are in people in France?
30 million?
That's a lot.
That's a lot.
Yeah.
And it's 67 million.
Oh, okay.
Still not that many under 100 million.
Not that many.
Not that many.
Okay.
Here's what I'm saying.
67 million at what price?
I had a heart attack if you said that to him.
Let's even go down.
Let's say 60 million.
Here's what I'm saying.
They were trying too hard to tailor an American product to French taste maybe.
If they try the American way of like a fire sale, like come on in.
I love the idea that the fix for Disneyland Paris was don't appeal to the French culture at all
and then give them one free ticket.
No, appeal to them but get them in the door.
Oh, okay.
So you do want them to like change the Haunted Mansion around.
Don't change anything.
I mean you say don't change anything.
Because like they change Haunted Mansion and like Main Street is different because it was like
the idea was like this isn't going to appeal to the French.
I think aesthetically I think all of that is successful but you need to get butts in the seats.
You need to get people through the turnstiles.
Free ticket initiative.
Let's say I marked this down a little bit.
Let's say that it was 60 million in 92 and let's say that the tickets were 50
dollars euros at the time.
This is 3 billion dollars.
They have now given away 3 billion dollars.
So that's what they needed to do as a starting point was give away 3 billion dollars.
Okay but how many in 2009, 2010 free ticket on your birthday.
How many did they give away that year?
Okay that's not a bad point.
I see.
Not a terrible point.
But that's still that requires you to like know about you don't get it in the mail.
You're not sent to that free thing.
It's like the U2 album on your iPod.
Something everyone loved.
I would imagine they had to do some stuff like that just not as widespread as what you're saying.
Okay how about smaller?
Free school field trips for a few months.
You get the kids.
You hook them.
That's not a bad idea.
You get the chaperones.
You get the teacher and they're like oh this is pretty nice.
This is kind of good.
We can't say anything about chaperones.
We've done too many.
Yeah there's too much.
You're stuck with it.
Yeah yeah I wonder if there was anything like that that happened.
They're so worried about like outreach and stuff and they were worried about the
reception to it so I do wonder maybe there's a story of what they tried to do in regards to that.
It's a fresh baked baguette with Mickey ears.
Maybe that's all they did.
They just posted a picture of that baguette and they said come and eat.
Oh they didn't even send them.
Yeah they didn't send them.
Yeah yeah they showed a picture of the baguette.
Their mouths are water.
We understand the French.
They'll be.
That's a question for Eisner or Tony.
Now I want to look up because McDonald's has certainly tailored part of the menu
to local tastes.
I mean they have the classics.
That's true.
They do do that.
I mean all the fast food changes a little bit depending on where they are in the country.
But I think they did a bunch of weird fake.
The French like it this way so we'll do it this way and then they
ignore just like massive ones that they want to drink in the parks.
That's true yeah.
Yeah they just they over thought like you know.
They like the sun so that's what but they also don't like the red.
So we'll put these promenades here you see that and they're like booze give us booze.
I've been I've said this before a couple times on the show I've been skeptical of like hearing
Tony back to me like the French like scary and they like funny but they don't like scary
and funny together.
I'm like is that true?
Yes.
Who said that?
Yeah some of this is a bit.
And is the Haunted Mansion that funny?
Are you laughing like crazy on the Haunted Mansion?
And then you laugh and you laugh.
I am amused by the Haunted Mansion.
Now the film of course.
We're all still laughing.
The film we're not talking about.
Which one?
It's hard to know even which but yeah so I was like I don't know.
The masterful scene stealing of Hassan Minaj.
Yeah of course we know all that but yes sometimes.
Is he lying about those ghosts too?
Don't know what to think anymore.
It's hard to know.
We'll ask Tony about that as well.
What do you think about the Netflix special The King's Gesture and the factuality?
I am sure like when I asked him if he ever like thinks about imagineering
like a Seinfeld ride on TV and he was like very much I watch old movies.
So he should definitely know like a recent stand up.
Up to date.
What you think of Nanette?
Okay what have we missed?
So I guess we've missed more complaining about this.
Have we gone at all?
It's just okay here we go.
Something you were saying earlier.
Something that I think makes or breaks a one of these orbiter type rides.
Astro orbiter you know of course it's not up on a platform.
So the view is lesser already.
Can't see your car in the parking lot.
But beyond that I watched ride crews of almost all of these.
Oh yeah yeah.
And it started to give me a sense of what you need.
And I think it has to be not a claustrophobic spot.
But also near enough to one thing.
One landmark so that you feel like you got kind of close to that.
Like that space mountain is so spectacular in Paris in Discoveryland.
Right.
So when you whip kind of right by it and especially at night.
You know little neon swooshes looking really cool everywhere.
And you maybe want to get even if it's distant you want to have a pretty good
castle view an elevated castle view that you wouldn't otherwise have.
I feel like Shanghai I felt I watched the ride through and like.
Oh that's a pretty good way to see that castle which is a beautiful castle.
The hub you would think well that's cool because you're in the famous Disneyland hub.
The original park and there's the castle.
But it still is very small.
It's still pretty far away.
You don't feel like you got it's maybe only cool if you got a double decker bus right there.
Or if fireworks are going off.
But basically it's neither here nor there.
It's very tight so you don't get a grand vista.
But you're also not close enough to anything cool.
And this really is what I think kills Disneyland Astro or there.
Yes.
Yeah yeah you're losing in every category.
Yeah.
Essentially.
Yes.
Contemporary way back there in a night view of contemporary.
Yeah.
A stunning piece of 20th century American architecture.
Yes.
And way off in the distance which you couldn't see from down below.
So that's a cool thing there.
Fireworks.
You can time Florida like the people mover.
Probably harder to do with the Astro Orbiter but you can time it in theory with fireworks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah I think that's actually a good criteria for these being in the Disney parks.
Is that you need at least one of those.
You at least at least need height to see things that are cool and you can't see or you need
being even cool and you can see like a close by ride or building or interesting thing.
Height but proximity could give you points too.
Which is like third I think.
It's pretty far back there.
But it is cool but it's not.
It's more for the people looking at it than it is for the people riding it.
Yeah.
Let me bring up the area where you might have to give some points.
And this area is innovation where we're doing things that are different than the other round
and rockets in the other parks.
And I think there's been innovation in the more recent Chinese parks.
Hong Kong you've got it's called Orbiteron.
We're back to Orbiteron there.
Hong Kong you've got 14.
They fit 14 in there and it's these bigger wider flying saucers and you get four per vehicle.
So you're not stuck in a really boring line.
Besides that there's not too much going on that's unique about it.
But a flying saucer is kind of a neat thing.
But you can get your whole family in that car maybe.
Side by side in Hong Kong right?
Side by side in Shanghai which is jet packs.
Oh you mean that you yes.
It's not but to crash.
Somebody in front of you behind you.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah sure sure sure.
Mike you should have taken one of your paramours.
You should have written one of your ill-fated like.
He means paramour but that was a truly strange way of saying it.
Oh yeah paramour.
I fucked that up.
You're talking about paramour?
Paramours.
No that's just an error.
No I'm saying like you should have taken one of your you know the ones that got away
when you were in Florida.
You should have been like let's go ride Astro Orbit.
Because it's like lap seating.
Oh right right right.
Because you kind of yeah you kind of.
So you grind up against the bat yeah.
Well it's like the Matterhorn.
Scott has his Matterhorn story like this.
Yeah.
That's a brief one.
I know.
We get to be in a bumpy car with lap seating right next to your mom.
That might have.
What a grand date this will be.
That might have solved all my problems.
It's just taking a nice young lady on the Astro Orbit.
Yeah.
We're sort of coded referring to something that happened on club three.
Where Mike told I want to say the most scandalous story in history.
There were some people online that were like this fucking story.
This is nothing.
And I'm like you're not wrong.
You're not wrong.
But it wasn't inside your head.
Right.
Your head it bounced around.
It bounced around.
Like the excellent sound quality at the Sphere soon to open.
Yeah.
The Sphere is a giant.
It was magnified just as much as a you as a edge guitar riff inside the Sphere.
That is.
That should be maybe one of the spheres.
The Sphere is like a representation of your own brain.
And you can go in there.
Maybe they do like sort of therapy for you in there.
Like you're alone.
You pay a lot of money obviously.
And then you just get like hit with all your memories in the Sphere.
And then it like cares you of any angst you've got.
Would it?
Taylor?
Well it depends.
If you're talking about like ASMR or soundbath maybe.
If I really analyze the thing I just made up 30 seconds ago.
I guess what I mean is that they tailor make a Sphere experience for you and all the psychological
problems you're dealing with.
Because it's just such a big immersive space that there's representations of all the history
and your past and the sound is so clear.
And it's like your own.
What are the representations?
Does Darren Aronofsky have to make a movie for me?
Yes.
Darren Aronofsky is involved in what I'm talking about.
So it's a big therapy where you have to get a very famous director involved.
Award winning director is constructing some sort of nightmare for you to live.
By the way there's only four rich people in their therapy.
Oh well there are betters.
Oh yeah of course.
They get up at 5am.
So obviously they're better than us.
Scary time.
I don't like it.
The sun's kind of coming up.
I can't get back to sleep.
I gotta use the bathroom.
The nightmares are going to be like this is like your name is Tim Cook.
Your alarm has gone off at 520am.
Yeah right.
I can't rise and grind.
Animated alarm clock.
And it's ringing and the ringing is so clear from the speakers.
And then he leaves and he goes I'm perfectly cured.
By the way.
Thank you Darren Aronofsky.
Are they up converting like Requiem for a Dream and Pie and Mother for the speaker?
I don't believe that's on the cards.
I don't think they waive an overall Aronofsky deal.
No I think he went and filmed some elephants for them.
But you think he gets his friends and family like guys we're gonna watch another Real Big.
Oh maybe.
We're gonna watch the whale real big.
On the Real Big.
You wanna go watch the Real Big?
Do you think there's maybe.
You wanna go to the Real Big?
And the emoji outside it's like Requiem for a Dream's played inside.
The emoji outside's making like the kissy face or it's the poop emoji.
The last couple months of the Sphere before it closes do you think it'll
just be like showing Rocky Horror at night?
And by this you mean in 2024.
2024.
I don't know.
Like either time.
Depends on when it opens exactly.
I may die Rocky Horror.
I mean the place would just be that many forks being thrown at the screen.
Well I don't think it would.
Oh yeah I don't think it would work because of the different like the curve of the seats.
I think you're just hitting people in the next row with your forks.
Do they throw forks in the Rocky Horror show?
Oh at midnight.
Yeah at midnight they do a whole.
I've never done it.
There's a lot of participant patients.
What are the forks for?
I don't know Jason.
I forget.
Are we not conflating the spoons at the room?
Well that's where it came from.
Is it the forks?
Do they throw toast?
I always thought they threw toast.
I've never done that.
Do they have to bring toast?
Forks, Rocky Horror picture show.
I thought it was forks.
I could be wrong.
I thought the spoons thing was a nod to Rocky Horror.
Now I've only seen Rocky Horror once but I don't remember any forks.
You didn't see a midnight screening of it.
No no.
Because that's when the nonsense happens as far as I'm.
I'm searching some articles for forks.
I swore there was throwing stuff at the screen.
There is throwing stuff for sure but I don't know.
I think toast might be correct.
Okay.
I think it's toast.
Maybe it's toast.
But here's a guide.
Yes toast for sure.
I don't know if toast makes more sense because you're not going to hurt anybody if you hit them.
Yeah that's true.
Forks do seem dangerous.
Yeah.
I wonder is there anything.
Brad refers to having taken the wrong fork in the road a few miles back.
Maybe everybody throws forks at that.
Okay.
All right.
It could be.
I don't know.
I legitimately don't know but this also does feel like conflating the room.
I'm not sure.
But we'll know when we're seeing it on the Sphere screen at midnight in late 2024 or early 2025
because they do not show what else to do.
All right.
We're doing porn.
All right.
Everybody cut.
You're allowed to jerk off.
You just saved it.
You just saved the whole thing.
There is a lot of production of that sort of thing in Las Vegas.
So you know.
Porn.
No you just let it out.
Like if it's we got to get butts in the seats and if that's if what it takes is looking at butts
and showing your bare butt and touching somebody else's butt.
This Sphere is for orgies now.
My James Dolan.
Laurel you've saved the Sphere.
My goodness.
Lauren Boebert can get whatever she wants grabbed in here whenever she wants.
Maybe her specific thing is Beetlejuice.
We will play Beetlejuice.
We will play a film version of the musical.
We'll play the first movie.
We'll play an early cut of the second movie that I can't believe they're making.
Okay.
Other innovations in Shanghai.
We have finally stopped using all of the same words.
Wait that's not true because the word jet is in there.
No yeah.
It's not Astro jets.
It's not Tomorrowland jets.
It's not rocket jets.
It's jet packs.
And here finally we've got an actually new thing.
Is it still a rocket round and round?
Yes but you now have restraints on.
It's that kind of ride and sorry Mike you got dangling legs.
It has become a dangling leg ride but good views picturesque sweeping views of you know
you get your Tron ride in there which looks cool.
You get your beautiful Shanghai castle but it's finally a new type of experience which
also speaks to Shanghai in general I think kind of an innovative park.
Yeah.
Let's not just do the same exact stuff so I give them credit for doing jet packs.
Similar to like the silly symphony swings in California Adventure or like an old carnival.
Does that bother you?
Yes.
Really?
Yeah yeah especially if you're on the outside of it.
That freaks me out.
I'm like I'm going right into the water or I'm going right onto the concrete.
Sure.
I'm exposed here.
I always liked it as a kid but the older I get even the more.
Did you like when it was the big orange because at least you were enclosed a little more.
Did I like the big orange better than the same maybe I felt comforted by being inside
the big orange.
But then you might just go slam against the wall.
I was still stressed probably.
If you smacked that orange.
What about Zephyr golden Zephyr do you feel me were enclosed in that because you're kind
of surrounded.
Yeah I guess so.
It's a similar thing but yeah legs not dangling on the golden Zephyr.
That's true.
So I'm in a little vehicle.
Is something going to like cut your foot off.
It just feels too exposed.
I don't know it just feels like I need to be in a little bubble.
You know like Jason says he likes to get under the pillow the pillow fort or like the what
does he say?
It's his research fort.
His research fort.
I like to be in that in a vehicle a ride vehicle.
I like to be just nice and cozy.
Or a ride womb.
A ride womb yeah.
Okay.
So I mean I'm sure there's an example that I'm not thinking of that I'm like Soren my
legs dangling and I'm comfortable with it.
Okay.
But that's such a gentle.
It also may be maybe the quality of Soren makes you just like I'm gonna.
Yeah maybe the music.
You don't give that up for silly symphony swings.
Right.
That's ultimately just just swings.
Does this are you not going on if you make it to Shanghai are you going on.
I'll do no I'm gonna do it I'll do it look I'm gonna do it I'm gonna prove to all the
kids and the adults and the old folks that I'm cool still.
Well you got to learn how to how to say I'm cool in Chinese.
Of course yeah that's number one.
That's number one yeah.
I don't know if jet packs if you control it.
I don't know if you've got a question.
I didn't see that.
Or does it just go all the way up or does it like up and down.
Interesting.
In a pattern of their own design.
That's a good question.
I was thinking too that there was some element of like jet packs that they were going to do
for that initial Avengers ride that looked because you were legs dangling and little
chairs.
I don't know if it looked like it was like bungee cord like but there was going to be
some version of you're in that type of a chair and then you're being swung around in front
of the screen or something.
Oh yeah yeah.
So I feel like that was part of it at least from that art we saw.
Maybe they'll get it in a different country because it's not happening here.
It's not happening here.
So oh and then here to keep speaking to innovation to throwing out the rules.
I think Tokyo has done the ultimate Tokyo thing and in the recent past they've said
why do we need a Jets ride.
This is gone.
It is replaced by Happy Ride with Baymax which is one of those kind of whip arounds
like Mater's Junkyard Jamboree.
Sleeper Ride.
Very pleasant genre of ride.
Very cute.
With the Baymax aesthetic.
It seems like it's a fun little light show in there.
And just like physically such a fun feeling.
A much more fun feeling than you would expect seeing it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just such a really cool.
Seems like nothing but then also like it felt like a little thrill to me so I was nervous
taking my then two-year-old on it but he loved it.
He just laughed and laughed at it so it wasn't like too much for him.
Right.
Sure.
So it's a good whole family ride so that's really smart and this is also right next to that.
Am I correct that Tokyo has no Autopia anymore?
The true way of the future.
Right.
So they are.
So clearly Tomorrowland needs to be followed on all fronts which might include here in
Disneyland.
Is it killing us if we have no version of this ride in Disneyland at all?
I don't think any of us care.
I don't think anybody cares.
I mean it'd be neat to get it back up on top of that platform but not a priority.
Way down in the list.
Yeah well Tokyo is getting that cool Space Mountain redo too.
That's a true game changer.
And they're suddenly, if we're measuring Tomorrowlands, isn't that gonna get that one
up to number one?
Oh yeah.
If in California they were to do that and then do Tron like half a block down, imagine.
Yes.
Just these cool looking future oddball buildings like that.
Very much so.
than maybe typical stuff that we discuss because a lot needs to be done.
Is there any version of Astro Orbiter that is salvageable besides the obvious of putting
it back on the platform?
How do we make this more of something?
Is it going with this jetpack thing?
Is there some way to incorporate an IP or a story, dare I say, which somehow makes it
more essential?
Yeah it's a good question.
I don't know.
It would have to be like Star Wars or Guardians I guess at this point of space-ish.
Could you do, could this somehow be an experimental Tony Stark vehicle?
Yeah.
Which then once you see it just goes round and round.
But if you could get some VO from a fake Robert Downey Jr.
They've got the guy.
We're gonna have a couple of them.
Yeah we're gonna bring him.
Do some smirking.
We need to test him out.
Oh you think we will?
Yeah we'll do it.
Let's get those three guys at once.
Pepper?
Pepper?
Yeah we can do it.
That's a good key.
I guess that's how you do it huh?
Pepper?
Hey happy.
Get out of the key.
Hit the ignition.
It's a Dennis Miller.
Dennis Miller yeah.
Yeah yeah.
Climb aboard one of Dennis Miller's experimental rockets.
Now we're talking.
Dennis Miller is the character that's the in for this ride.
It's a representation of the whirlwind you're in when you're in one of his sets of references.
Hey look babe it's not the longest okay.
It's not the longest jaunt but it's at least something.
You're gonna be flying faster than a tomato aimed right at Michael Eisner's head in 87.
Tony yeah you could do it like jetpack style in their little iron man kind of suits on the
out like on the back of it.
This is pretty good.
And that would be fun.
Some stark industries.
I don't like this being in the front.
I think you gotta move that.
Yeah.
It's weird to have like here's a big marvel thing right at the entrance.
Right.
This ain't bad if they're gonna have and we're we don't have a lot of marvel rides yet to be honest.
No.
This is kind of a simple ride having a nice little this is kind of a legit good idea.
Okay I'm gonna toss this out.
One of the things that I had been most delighted by in the last few years.
In Toy Story Land the little green men version of the Baymax ride and the Mater ride
is like kind of enclosed and they're playing like loud techno covers of like the Toy Story songs.
And they're like.
By the way by red hot chili peppers maybe.
Oh no sorry Scott.
Banded in lions who beat the moops.
And there's just crazy like colored lights going.
If you could.
You want to enclose this.
I don't want to enclose it all the way but sort of like the orange or sort of like the
Disney World Astro Orbiter where there's some stuff on the outside.
You get some colored lights on those things.
The only way I agree with that is if it has to be on the ground
and you're not going to get to see because you know I like to see the sights.
So if it has to be on the ground and you want to give some more lights and stuff to look at
then maybe I could see what you're saying.
But where does that go?
Is that a hub thing?
Yeah I don't know.
That also I think that's an alien thing not a green army man.
No the little green.
Oh you mean the little green man.
If you demolish.
The pizza planet.
In the demolished version of Tomorrowland Redo and Disneyland then you got options.
This ride also being I don't think I like this as much as Tony Stark's experimental spinner
machine but it being something where you're like strapped in with the aliens.
That's something.
I mean they're already represented in Astro Blasters I guess.
Right.
But like this is going to be the last you know space we're not getting anything else that works
for space.
Tomorrowland bombed we're not going to get no properties will not be our.
John Carter 2 is not coming any time soon.
No unless you just unless I don't want them to call these the Tron jets and then we don't
and you make it look like Tron but then we don't get the real Tron ride.
They still talk of Tron 3.
They're still talking about it.
Oh yeah right.
So the guy was mad that he couldn't make it because of the writer's string.
He was made of the writer's string.
So yeah.
Please let me make another bomb with Jared Leto.
Disney one one IP bomb with Jared Leto is not enough for this company.
Please let us pay this man more to not deliver for us.
Yeah.
So maybe it's another little Tron offshoot maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah there's nothing like this and wait wait if they all look like that you do the flying
saucer kind then it's the disks.
Now we're doing the flying disks.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah okay sure.
The Tron frisbees.
I'm into that.
Call it the Tron frisbees.
That's what everybody would call it.
Tron frisbees game grid.
Game grid frisbees yeah.
A general bigger oh god this is take I mean I still again this doesn't replace the roller
coaster but you take that stupid carousel building and that is the game grid.
That's a big that's a giant arcade now.
Why isn't Starcade a Tron?
Yeah that should be a Flynn's Wreck-It Ralph mashup.
That was so great when they made it an arcade for Wreck-It Ralph.
I think the Flynn's arcade they put over by Electronica in California Adventure.
That was great.
That was really cool.
They don't yeah I just think they're like money wise they don't think that that's worth
it other than just a promotional opportunity to have an arcade.
Just doesn't make sense.
That magic key holder lounge with tiny electric billboards for West Side Story was really
bleak.
Really rough stuff.
I never went I never got to go.
Well I got a slip of paper that once I entered a code and went through several levels on a
Disney website I got a gift card for Disney worth ten dollars.
So yes I made money by to give back to them by figuring out what the hell that lounge was.
By one and a half sodas.
Yes at Disney prices.
It's one and a half to Sonny's.
The sleeve of a t-shirt.
But I mean something that ain't bad I think I think you put it up top you give it a little
story because where you know what one thing maybe the only thing that helps the Disneyland
version is that little I do kind of like that voiceover like the Astro Orbit.
Oh yeah.
I never would you guys ever go on this ride.
I kind of only.
Not for a while.
Yeah it's been like this is like a once a decade.
It's just it's an unpleasant line to stand in at Disneyland.
Really boring.
And it's what I forget there's a term for it's one of those lines where it just it stops.
Switchbacks.
Switch no not switchback.
That's the wraparound.
Yeah yeah but there's it's just one of those lines where you know it doesn't continuously
move which always psychologically better.
Yeah.
It's a stop and start line.
Yeah you just stare at it.
Yeah so.
You start to wonder and you see people walking by next to you free with their futures ahead of
them.
Right.
And I've put myself in a line cage.
Yeah and it's not a fun line to stand in and ultimately it's like rides real short.
Yeah.
And you just you don't go I assume I'll go when the child is old enough to go.
We'll do it often because it's an early one.
I'm not as germaphobic as I was in the last few years I feel like but I try to avoid packed
elevators when I can still.
Oh for Disney World you mean.
Anywhere packed elevators are a little mentally still like oh this feels nasty.
Sure.
So you won't be going for a little while.
You don't like the Disney World one either then.
Well that's what I know I'm saying you're saying problems with the Disney World one
waiting in line that when you have to get in the elevator which for a while they were
setting up one party at a time.
Oh right.
Yeah.
Which seems like it's going to take a while.
Yeah very very slow.
Yes.
Yeah I wonder if that was a reason to move it too.
We don't want to just like the elevator system is pretty.
Yeah.
For a ride that doesn't have a ton of capacity to have to like make people do an extra step
to get to it I understand.
Like if you did put it up in front of like Space Mountain or something right there and
there was a way to easily load like that's at least it's elevated and it's not.
You don't have to send an elevator up if you have ramps and things.
And yeah yeah sure but if you're blocking.
Passageways well this is all a lot of marks down I'd say for Florida but what do we do
we think having examined them all and it's hard to say because we haven't done Hong Kong
we haven't done Shanghai what do we think is number one of this genre.
Oh good question.
It's hard because yeah like the elevation at Disney World seems great.
Yeah.
And I've done it so yeah.
I think I still give it to that.
I think that wins.
Aesthetically it is the best of both worlds you've got your planets I think those are
painted wonderfully vibrantly.
Yeah they still look good they keep those pretty up to like still looking good.
I think Hong Kong has some flying saucers.
Yeah.
Just having four people per vehicle 14 vehicles that's nearly 50 people every go around and
it's more comfortable.
Yeah I'll tell you though the sights aren't as good you don't get the sights.
That's how you're not.
Well I mark it down for that.
It's going to be hard for people of a certain age to turn down seeing the contemporary from
far away.
Yes.
That's really what it comes down to I think your point earlier was correct.
Even if you don't like that you know it's still there's still yeah there's neon and
there's space mountain.
Yes there's other stuff that's good too but for this group can't really it's hard to beat
being able to see the contemporary from a ride.
It makes me so I love looking at it from afar then I'm going in it and being up there and
looking back the other way and seeing the Astro Orbiter with an E from there.
There's also that well this this should be on the pre-do tomorrow but that giant platform
above like loading space mountain just that big empty nothing.
Mike was kind of saying that right.
Yeah.
That's just with a target.
Right.
Yeah.
What is it.
Excuse me.
Why is it there.
That's just what the movie theater is below it.
Yes.
Yeah.
There's so much weird the old space mountain like line and like it's so much better.
I mean that's the speed ramp right up to it.
It just feels like.
My era speed ramp era.
Speed ramp.
Yeah right right.
Yeah it just there's so many like it's never gotten the biggest renovation so it feels like
all these different decisions have just led to it with all these kind of confusing things
being stuck.
The fact that I mean it did get a big renovation but they had to undo all of it.
Yeah that's true.
It's so unpopular that it just went all the way backwards.
Yeah but not not not the money that it needed I guess it did get renovations but like it
felt like it didn't get its like new fantasy land.
Both parks got a new fantasy land especially like the Disneyland overhaul of fantasy land
when you see what it looked like before is unbelievable.
Yeah.
Because it feels like it's trash.
It looks like shit.
The old Disney fantasy land.
Carnival.
And you're like wow I this feels like it's been here forever.
Of course it looks as good as this and then you see the old video but like it's
tomorrow has never gotten like full it doesn't ever get the full thing it needs.
No it never gets the love.
It never gets the full love.
Really what we need ultimately for tomorrow land is love.
Well love is certainly the most important thing.
Is Disneyland the worst one of these.
Oh interesting.
Maybe.
I think so.
I think the other ones have little facets that make it jetpacks is new.
Hong Kong loads better.
Japan's is blown up.
The placement is really Paris is the same ride but it's prettier.
It's got prettier stuff around it.
It's hard to get the placement out of the equation.
So maybe it's not so cut and dry if I don't think about the placement at Disneyland.
But I see no other option.
If you put the placement in it's for sure the last one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm whispering again because I don't want to.
I have a this is like a this makes me sad to ask but I feel like I have to ask it.
Is Astro Orbiter the worst ride in Disneyland Park.
Wow.
That's something I hadn't even considered.
Because like and it's not even I think that's actually a strong park.
Yeah it's a really strong park.
That's the worst.
But like maybe by what is what and let's so we take California Adventure out of there.
It's only it's only Disneyland Park.
This was a grim thing to realize.
I feel like it might have to be.
That's interesting.
It's a lot of heavy hitters in that park.
It really is and they don't have any of the like you know actively bad
journey into imagination with figment.
Stuff that decayed to the point.
Yeah there's nothing that is so.
I mean I don't like Autopia but people like it.
There's some scenery.
I got to do with a kid.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
That's true kids like to drive.
Yeah I want it I want it to be something else.
We just we just spent we made it to 90 I believe talking about this ride.
I don't want to end the episode by saying this is the worst ride in Disneyland.
Feels so grim.
Gadgets go coaster.
No no that's kind of fun.
Jason.
It's kind of fun.
Well but this is kind of Astro Orbiter is kind of fun.
I haven't done the new I don't know what they did to it.
Not much.
Not much.
Do you have to bring in this feels like throwing this feels like you know like
throwing relatives under the bus or something the the the main street rides.
But that's only because they like are very modest in their expectations.
You mean like Lincoln.
No like the buses.
Oh oh oh.
Oh the Omni bus.
What's that you're gonna get he's gonna choke you he's gonna get as mad as I got earlier.
You say that the buses are the.
We're not going to be able to breathe all the looney tune smoke that's going to be left in this room.
Is it this.
What's what are we missing something.
It's bottom it's.
It's not Casey Jr.
That's great.
So I don't.
Dumb always.
It feels weird.
It feels weird I don't even like calling Astro Orbiter the worst.
This feels too.
I don't think I can comfortably say it.
What about the term least essential.
Maybe yeah.
That might be it.
I don't think Astro Orbiter is actively bad.
I think if I went on it tomorrow I'd have a great time.
But you just weigh all these things against it and what it could be.
And then it just that it but it's like clogs up the pipes of this park.
I could say I could comfortably say bottom five.
Yeah.
Maybe I could say that.
Wait wait.
Finding Nemo submarine.
Well yeah that's pretty unpleasant.
And chills.
That I guess.
What the support for it is.
Because I would.
I would rather do Astro Orbiter if I had a choice.
I'm picking Astro Orbiter.
I might too.
Yeah the Nemo.
I don't know if that's going to be interesting to see if that's it.
That's one that's another like Tony saved it ride supposedly.
And the older folks are the submarines are so important to Disneyland.
And that's another one where I don't think the three of us care that much about it.
Yeah yeah.
And I like the lake being there.
That's great.
I like in general the.
Attic of all of it.
But I'm sure we'll talk about the history and think that's cool.
And they had the mermaids out and they did but I don't that Nemo.
I never go on it.
No I don't ever do it.
I don't remember the last time I went.
Maybe I went out right when it was we did the redo.
Yeah.
But I think that's all that's it.
I think I'm I just almost want to throw it to that.
So that we don't end an episode about the attraction by calling it the worst ride.
That's good yeah.
And if we then do finding Nemo submarines then I might feel the same way and say.
You know what Astro Orbiters the one that sucks.
Maybe I'll fall in love with it.
I'm curious here I'm just going to what's the oh this is Carly Wisell.
Ah what did she say.
What did she call that she puts.
Oh interesting.
One on her list.
Storybook land canal boats at the bottom.
And then yeah then Nemo then Casey Jr.
Someone's asked for the show.
Astro Orbiters as far as Jason's concerned for putting that the Casey Jr.
So low.
I mean Casey Jr.
is delightful.
Storybook boats.
That's a boat.
It's a functional boat.
You at least get to ride in a boat.
You're in a boat.
There's something.
Yeah.
The Nemo subs I'm more comfortable.
She says plagued by two small rocket pods.
Yeah and reliably lengthy sun soaked weights.
Yes at a minimum it's dizzying.
I'm comfortable saying bottom five.
I don't know if I'm comfortable saying worst ride.
Yeah.
She put it right at it is five.
I almost feel guilty but she's not wrong.
I think you in this conversation you have to have Roger Rabbit's cartoon spin
unless they get it up to Tokyo quality which I said I went on and it's spectacular there.
I think it's in top 10 in Tokyo but bottom five.
I think that I.
Disneyland.
Interesting.
They don't maintain it well and that stupid Jessica Rabbit thing.
Well ever since they put the code on it's raised levels in my mind.
It's top 10.
So that was my big problem.
You give it modesty points.
Yeah so ever since they covered up Jessica Rabbit I've liked the ride a lot better.
And I like that she looks like a peeping Tom.
Please come and peep at us in Orlando.
But hey look you know you determine what you determine and I think we all we have to
admit this doesn't go very high.
Do I want there to be rocket type attractions in the parks?
Absolutely.
I challenge Disney to set their sights for the future and elevate this thing.
Perhaps literally just put on top of the platform.
It's not that complicated.
You could just put it up high.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I wouldn't mind it.
You got to rebuild the platform but you know it's not so crazy.
You do have to do that.
It's not so crazy.
But the people mover was so just make it what it was.
Just go backwards.
The past is the future.
Okay.
It's what we all want.
All right.
It's so obvious anyway.
Kill the past.
Don't do what.
Despite the future.
Last Jedi don't do it.
Oh that's the last Jedi quote.
Kill the past.
You know what I'm saying kill the past or something destroy the past.
Kill it if you must.
Memorable lines they are not.
You survived Podcast The Ride.
Hey once again click on links for these live shows.
Really excited.
If you can't make it in person in LA the haunt cast ones will live stream those.
Orlando sorry we're not live streaming it but it will put them out as podcast episodes.
It's going to be a blast for you there in person.
Find us on the socials merchant RT public store for three bonus episodes every month.
Check out Podcast The Ride the second gate where we just talked other Tomorrowland stuff
or get one more bonus episode on our VIP tier club three.
You will find all of that at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
And on my way out the door I think I thought of another good one.
This is this one's more blue sky.
I don't know if they're going to do it but I was like what else do we talk about in this episode
that we have positive feelings about that we could inject into this embattled ride.
Shaq why take space out of it.
The tower is Shaq and he is trying to swat at basketballs.
To block them to defend his team and you are in the basketballs.
We've all heard of Shaq food but what about Shaq future.
I don't think we can see anything.
Yeah what about it.
What about it.
Imagine what could be.
Full Shaq overlay of Tomorrowland.
Would anyone have a problem.
Here's the answer Shaq.
All right go with me.
It's outside of the box.
Shaq everywhere.
Blue sky.
If the budget is high enough yeah great.
Start middle of star tours.
Hey star tours what's going on it's me Shaq.
I know I'm from a different galaxy in time.
Just want to check in make sure you guys are good.
Need anything.
You know a good place where I can reopen my barbecue restaurant.
I'm taking investors right now.
Be better than pizza port.
This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,
Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com
and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram
at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
