prisoner 29
activity
story of a teenager dealing with drug and alcohol abuse and some of your
favorite podcasters have teamed up to help you understand this special and how
getting hammered can ruin your life so listen to the podcast talk about it with
your family and make the right decision stay away from drugs and alcohol
there you go and then a establishing shot of the White House with a push in
after the president and first lady have spoken and now we have started the
episode just as our topic cartoon all-stars to the rescue begins club 3
Scott Jason hi yeah hi well look once George and Barbara Bush show up the
kids are hooked okay hook line and sinker they're gonna listen to whatever
you tell them that was me that was the kind of yeah yeah yeah he was the first
president I was aware of and yeah there he is George Bush the great president
Barbara Bush who appears to be getting like get that drop it drop it like
getting a chicken bone out of her dog's mouth the whole time she's like you're
talking about Millie huh you're talking about presidential dog Millie okay oh
yeah I never paid like holding the dog's mouth and well that's maybe that's a
like behavior on camera stay there to make it seem more of like a friendly
shot I think because Millie wants to get out of there yeah yeah I remember now
that you bring this up I remember not having any sort of barometer for
politics which I guess I shouldn't when I was eight or nine whatever however old
I was but weekly reader made us vote on president in 1992 and I remember I
voted for George Bush because I knew who he was yes voted against Bill Clinton
in the weekly reader which I don't believe was counted in the official
tally but I'm not sure I'm not really sure we did that in school every time
there was a presidential election which is totally psycho because I think George
Bush won in 2000 in high school for sure he won actually like that is so odd like
yeah that is strange yeah yeah given that it was so close I was 15 I voted for
Nader it's I was like we're in high school okay because it was like well
we're in high school like this doesn't matter what you ever consider that your
fake high school protest vote might have skewed the fake election you ever think
about that maybe your fake Bush rippled through time well the Brooks brothers
right give it the push but it rippled through time and lost Hillary the
election too uh-huh okay yeah I see that election yeah I that's fine I mean that
really proves it for the eight-year-old just votes for who he knows that's why
the incumbent always has an advantage I think yes which is actually applicable
in the club three poll situation oh yeah yeah I'm been almost always has one
and this much like rush V Gore was extremely close and I don't want to say
contested but it came it came very good because this this club three vote came
down to one vote yeah cartoon all-stars the incumbent one by by one that's why
you got a vote people you really people you know and I know some people voted
what else was in this poll right people well okay tales is the gore the nadir
maybe the Tomorrowland opening from 19 the grand opening of Tomorrowland in
1898 I already forget what was in the poll but Gore lost and we didn't involve
the Supreme Court it is going to cartoon all-stars and therefore to the bushes
this is another election with a Bush victor I feel like we've talked about
this has been on the board for a long time I feel I feel like I remember
talking about this early on in the show and it's just I think it's come up in
the shuffle here and there and yeah I mean because it's it's way up our alley
so yeah I think we would love plotless all-star adult man who are stuck in
their childhoods of course are obsessed with this thing can I say one thing more
about George Bush really quickly that I don't know that I've sat on the show
because it relates to a common reference to on podcast the riot George Bush many
women I think who were maybe taking care of him toward the end alleged that he
would say inappropriate things to them which is very common with older men
like a rest a rest home or whatever you call it out on the way out sure yeah
that's a very common thing that we that's like a kind of a fear of mine that
like when I have dementia I'm gonna be just saying creepy shit to people I don't
want to do that that being said I don't know if I've said this on the show
before have I said what joke dementia ridden George Bush would say to
different nursing nursing my mental recesses person we bring up on podcasts
are a lot Wow Wow do you want to get as friendly as Jimmy Buffett is with Frank
Marshall no I wish it was that no it's much more clever he would he would I don't
know if he would like inappropriately touch the nurse or he would just say he
go I'm David Copperfield yeah really creepy and this was like a common joke
of his because there's there's like a what I didn't know was a Washington Post
it's like second woman alleges George Bush it uses David Copperfield joke it's
like Jesus this guy is it mean because doesn't if you just say that and there's
not then some sort of like magic or sleight of hand involved and you're just
saying a name you could just be like he could just be it like it's as you could
just say I'm George grope like that doesn't mean any I mean that's boy I
guess he would be taught if he like touches you then or like touches your
leg mm-hmm and then that's that's the prestige I guess with that joke but if
they noticed then he doesn't see he didn't get away with it like a magic
trick yeah so he was when he was an old creep he used to reference mr.
Copperfield and I don't know I've never heard that joke before so maybe he made
that up I don't know never heard that joke before David Copperfield yeah have
you yeah really Scott it feels like an old bark like fly joke
used to hear it in the bars and the old days
okay I got it when Jason at 15 like an old bar fly already part the episode
where Bart you know starts running errands for the mob you would make a
Manhattan for all the mobsters yeah and hear them say David Copperfield well I
wish George had cut deeper and said like you know I don't know what number it was
maybe the 41st president let me take that stab like is I mean is there's I
wait I don't have it is there some like why I'm bush 41 but what is it with blue
32 yeah yeah but I'm as horny as blue well he's red 41 because he's a
Republican oh sure yeah but I'm as horny as blue 32 yeah that yeah that would have
been better I don't know do we know if George HW Bush got to see the blue 32
show before he died I don't know did they wheel his old bones in there cuz
it's been going on so long maybe I don't know private showing yeah mm-hmm you
can't deny the president of I mean you know the it's like you ever seen like
the when the three tenors played at Dodger Stadium and I have a bunch of
presidents were there and yeah yeah it's like that I mean the good like the great
cultural events of our time the presidents have to go witness and we all
know one of the great cultural event that Bush overlapped with before he
passed away have we done it we haven't done a lot of three tenors content on
the show so I would love to talk about the three tenors I don't care about the
opening but the making of the three tenors at Dodger Stadium yeah a
fascinating video to work special features three tenors happily wait I
on the topic of other topics hey could that be one do you want more three
tenors content throw it out next month and kytails will have to wait it'll have
to put wait on a big set of bleachers while people clean it up and get it ready
for the next poll the next month is October we shift into haunt cast the
fright club three transforms into crypt three so that means we need Halloween
topics scary stuff spooky stuff last year's incumbent spirit Halloween will
rise from the grave to fight again yeah will that have the incumbent advantage
or does the year wait mess it up we'll find out we need more stuff haunts scary
rides scary movies scary specials whatever whatever you're thinking out
there interesting yeah this is a very fun month so yeah yeah luck to all the
topics the best topic when we should have ranked choice topic voting but the
trend doesn't allow it yet it's a little yeah wait it is not a lot of room for
procedure and the whole mechanism Scott you had sent the former bed bath me on
that hosted that Disneyland oh yeah you know temporary museum option pretty
quickly became like a Halloween superstore it's just called Burbank
Halloween yeah it was just called Burbank's not even spirit Halloween I think that's
usually in the abandoned Ikea well that was where because earlier in the day we
I don't think this was in the episode and you said though the Burbank mall is
really hopping these days I mean you know there's always people in there and
now they got that closed bed bath and beyond is a swing space and then I went
there later in the day I was like oh they have a Halloween store and this is
Jason's definition of hoppin swing space I really like that swing space now it's
not just an empty mall store again I'll reiterate I didn't say good I did not
it's been packed anytime I've been there and it's so hard to see a mall that busy
nowadays it's a smaller mall though smaller mall yeah well since some are
it's just a matter it's like every other mall got eliminated if you looked at
them on a map it's like all the middle ones go and then the bigger ones yeah
that stay just get more and more fancy and those kind of stick around I feel
right yeah oh yeah there I haven't been to Burbank Halloween yet I would like to
go so I'll see it's a packed right it's hopping it's a big unsorted mess so if
you want to hear about if we want to put Burbank Halloween if we want to put the
hyper local one oh yeah just spirit Halloween that's an option listeners
whatever you want to do for now let me read the official blurb as proposed by
Brad Daniels for this cartoon all-stars to the rescue the 1990 McDonald's
produced anti-drug video it stars such childhood heroes as Slimer Muppet babies
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated Alf George HW and Barbara Bush as we
heard and George C Scott as the villain smoke oh man so that's that's a lot I
don't mean to hopefully that didn't ruin anything but that's also that's exciting
that's like the build-up to a variety special from the 70s like we love you
know with Alf with and George C Scott has smoke gets you excited gets me
pumped especially because I think we all have I'm gonna assume we all have strong
memories of this special it's not like we had to what is this what is this
curio this I mean I watched this a ton of times yeah show this in school a lot
and that like this is okay listeners said this and I was trying to maybe it
happened in my school and I don't remember but I guess that's not
surprising true for you Jason to it like do you know was this an in-school viewed
special at some point it must have been not often but maybe like once yeah I
mean once a couple times I think I watched in school I think I've confused
the whole time that's a lot yeah I mean two maybe mm-hmm I think maybe maybe
only one maybe I'm like mixing up times but I've seen it I saw it more than once
we did not have the VHS I don't believe we ever rented it so this is something I
was trying to remember I didn't own it but I definitely rented it and I was
remember if this was a true thing somehow that it I don't know if this was
across the board at all video stores but if they try to arrange it to where this
was a free rental because it is educational and the message is so
important maybe that's a phantom memory but that's in my head interesting maybe
you got like library the library we would rent videos from the library all
the time and all the good ones would always be taken you know we should go
to like because they would have the actual video behind the box it would be
in a different plastic it's like a blockbuster where you would see the
actual box and then behind it would be the plastic whatever container that had
the tape in it then you're just stuck with like what's this triple tape set
about Yosemite what the wonders of Yosemite yeah what I want I want eek the
cat yeah I remember the library I went to growing up one looking back I'm
assuming cuz VHS was so expensive still like it cost money it was like a buck or
two to rent and like out here the LA and Burbank library it's free the moves are
free and you gotta pay at the library yeah and you're sure that was a like a
day or two that's weird maybe it's like a dollar library yeah that's what I'm
saying George Bush's America that's what that is did you ever pay money in a
library I don't know I don't think that's yeah I'm wrong in say it's not
that much money depends depends on the rules my mom wouldn't get them a lot
cuz she's like I'm gonna have to be back here tomorrow or the next day oh cuz
yeah you'd have to return it to her yeah I think that I think I remember that I remember it being like books you
could keep for like a week or two and VHS is it was a couple days so that makes
sense but yeah I wonder I mean I guess yeah that's not so crazy if it was like
a high sought-after rental mm-hmm I don't know but you could rent it you
could own it but the the big ticket way that they made this special available to
watch was an unprecedented multi-network takeover where on April 21st 1990 one
day after 420 ironically they were they avoided it's everybody's everybody's
coming down that's when you got a strike everybody's coming down from their
hangovers yeah the high is over folks so sober up and watch a team get tortured
by all of his sister's favorite cartoon characters but this is I mean that shows
you how much that this they basically they blocked off all the net there was a
there was a half hour there where it's it's not just the networks not just ABC
ABC Fox which I don't think even had a kids lineup at that point so yeah I
don't think so this was the first cartoon the first kids cartoon on Fox
possibly not only that but then you got your Superstations and your Knicks and
all these you know utterly removed from each other corporate interests you can't
it's hard to imagine this happening today yeah I think I watched it on
Nickelodeon if my memory is correct it might not be but I remember watching it I
think I Nickelodeon this is a question is like well I wonder if they re-aired it
but do you think like do you think you watched the early airing the original
airing that's a very good question I have a memory of watching it on
Nickelodeon and I it's hard to know because I was so little but I do
have memory of switching around and it being on other stations so I feel like I
did see this live I mean that's what I want to see now more than anything is
just to like that moment of flipping through the channels and the same stuff
is yes not so you know I think only 9-eleven is the only or January 6th
maybe I don't think Nickelodeon was covering January 6th that decision to
this is unprecedented do we go with it no go with our 13 of ridiculousness we
cannot break the ridiculousness barricade OJ verdict I think was a lot of channel
possibly though that was the middle of the day that was very weird in ten years
old fifth grade I watched it in school like all right we're still we're not
doing math today we are watching the Simson verdict yeah I think they will
TV in for that for us too I don't know yeah uh-huh I was concerned that they
wouldn't I was very I was you know studying the case using class projects to
do topical comedy about the Kate's all right yeah that's right I needed to know
I needed to be there when yeah interesting mm-hmm so yeah this was I do
I'm pretty sure I watched it live Wow Wow pretty sure do you think your mom
caught wind of it and like Michael there's something important happening
today I don't know I don't know I really don't know I'd like to believe that I
knew about it because it was the event of the year mm-hmm and that all the
friends were together because obviously yeah I was a fan of most of these
cartoons yes yeah my memory of it though and maybe I'm thinking of another like
crossover cartoon is that they went on a lot more adventures in this as opposed
to showing up and bothering some well like being busybody I've watched this in
the last ten years so I did remember from remember it from that but yes my
memory of it was a much more exciting well cartoon I think that's because and
if Jason if you're misremembering and imagining more adventures it's because
like the way to to baby brain everything seems bigger and what now you just see
is like essentially two elongated kind of psychedelic torture sequences yes those
probably as with earnest goes to splash mountain for me those probably all felt
like full half-hour right right odysseys like fear and loathing style terrifying
which I I was an easily scared kid but I don't remember being especially scared
of this it was just such a like like honestly at times like pretty impressive
animation and a pretty like at least just like nuts in its scope kind of piece
yeah I remembered Michelangelo showing up at the end because that was what I was
waiting for and but I remember him being involved more than he actually is in my
mind it was a bigger deal they kind of give him a little sequence but he's not
in there mixing it up with the babies so much right right he is with them he does
not cross paths particularly with poo I mean they're all in the song yeah he's
not I would have liked well we get to that but I wanted to see him an elf
interact more you don't maybe get a lot of the ultimate these characters are
meeting there's one moment that has a lot of pressure on it I feel because
it's like this ain't gonna happen again and we know that these two need to meet
and need to address the elephant in the room and that is Alf and Garfield yes
who likes to eat cats and Garfield a cat so you're really waiting for how do we
address it what do we do and it's the the way they address it is fine but it's
not the be-all and I'm saying there's maybe a superior Alf meets Garfield's I
threat mm-hmm there's a threat of yeah yeah join us in this anti-drug mission
or you're dead well he's he doesn't even know it's anti-drug he just knows we're
a piggy bank has gone missing I'll kill you if you don't join us this is a
financial crime he's so much more motivated than he ever is on the actual
else kind of lazy in general it's he also like eating cats is typically a
joyful thing but in this yeah it's like it's a threat to murder ripping the meat
off your bones you lazy shithead imagine your eyeballs in my mouth as I'm
chomping down on them I'm scraping the fur off that tail like sauce off
spaghetti it's always Monday when I send you to hell Garfield I will say is not
Alf is Alf is pretty good here even though he's threatening Garfield this I
know he's lazy but he's phoning it in on some of these retorts Garf I was
disappointed in Garfield sides of these conversations is what I'm saying but
don't you like but this is the Lorenzo music Garfield yeah where the race is
well what do you want what's what's an elevated Garfield two lasagna jokes in
the span of two minutes it's like there's a couple other things I might
challenge you and I don't know I don't remember the show very well but I might
guess that if you put on Garfield the show you may find two Garfield lasagna
jokes the cartoon was not such a level that also read the lasagna jokes I feel
like that's Garfield getting his shit in as you've said well you really got a
little it's it's a really kind of show can't do the deep cuts everybody goes
to get snacks and go to the bathroom he doesn't threaten to mail elf to Abu
Dhabi doesn't do any other ones so I'm just saying he could have thrown
another well these the writers of this special who seemed to be graduates of
they all wrote for like the love boat and Mannex and stuff some Sid and Marty
Croft bullshit that makes sense yeah some true garbage on these guys like good
garbage in the sense that I like started to look I have the list of oh sure but
I'm saying you know if you're given this assignment and you have to like quickly
brush up on all of children's television yeah you're probably gonna go alright
what are the what are the Garfield go-to's I think it's yeah well Garfield
was I guess a newer thing to them at this point I think they worked on I don't
understand this stuff in my day I was beatied Cecil they still like high and
low is still making those big sandwiches yes he is see cartoon all-stars so who
do we got we got I assume Dagwood I assume the gang from dog patch USA
Betty whoops dog our gang an animated version of our game I assume you couldn't
pay for droopy even the president United States can't get droopy yeah well they
wrote on a cartoon called the Fonz and the Happy Days gang oh I've here yeah
I've seen clips of that that's not the one where I think I have jumped to
partridge family 20 76 AD where they go to space Fonz does not go that's just a
I think that's just a regular one yeah we've talked about that a little bit
that was filmation right I think incorrectly said it was Hannah Barbera on
one episode okay yeah so they they they wrote on heart to heart and work in
Mindy it does all the cartoon mark and Mindy and the cartoon Laverne and Shirley
I've never even heard I didn't even know there were those maybe they're special
cartoons that no one is saving that nobody that's in that drawer with like
the you know there was like a there was a Coneheads cartoon yeah nobody really
maybe just a pilot that one maybe didn't yeah I don't know some of these might
have been it's just a special or something but yeah Laverne and Shirley
in the army I believe is what the this Fonz one it looks like I mean from a
sample still I'm looking at it looks like he is with like a maybe some kind of
witch or sorceress and there's a like a dog who clearly can talk and is about to
say a punchline next to the Fonz and then he's with like this might be a girl
he came with who's been turned to stone so I guess they aren't dealing with you
know like typical Wisconsin business on Fonz and the Happy Days gang is that
where they Milwaukee where was that?
Yeah I think that's right I can't
remember I guess that's I think that's right the one of the ones that caught
my eye real quick on the and these guys filmography is something called all-star
comedy ice review which is Hannah Barbera characters in like mascot
costumes on ice wow and I watched a trailer of it and it looks just I think
it's Sid and Marty Croft and it's just completely like shit nothing really
funny every one of these by the way viable candidates for the November Club
3 poll where they will all get 6% and last place yeah throw it in anything I
want to talk about everyone is mad it is not mad you just you've had a lot of
like where it takes a lot of explaining it'll be like I think like legends of
superheroes live special stunt show 1976 with that last 3% yeah and
somebody else suggested it I just shows it there's just yeah yeah because we all
have our personal pick and that we throw in yeah you can probably you can tell
the pattern of mics I think ice review we have threatened to do more ice
capades type stuff so maybe there's more with ice capades there probably is
anyway so these are the right our finest writers have come together for this
every network is showing it in terms of putting it together obviously all the
studios that all the big dogs in animation Disney Warner Brothers Deke
alien productions the trusted entity behind elf they all had to come together
to make this happen and then but then how do you event at some point it's got
to be like impartial parties putting it together because like the I think Disney
maybe had a slightly bigger role right they can't you know fully take over and
make their characters more heavy duty in it you know so who are the outside
parties mediating all of this you got McDonald's slash the wrong McDonald's
charity right and then the television Academy yes so putting this together and
at some point the credits change and now there's a little Emmy up top and
that's how you know yeah the television Academy's part of it this really seems
like a miracle that would get put together because of how many people were
involved yeah and nowadays yeah every like I would think there would be so
many more like qualifications or rules for all the characters and how they're
allowed to interact and what they're allowed to do I think so are we we are
now we are post Roger Rabbit so a little bit of president has been so I feel like
a lot of the rules just get thrown out the window knowing that this is a like a
presidential order I guess yeah I guess I don't know if he's they got him
involved I don't know if he said to do it maybe that is the pitch so they're
like you know like let us do give us a little more room here I don't know yeah
yeah maybe but it is it is crazy yeah yeah I was also curious then like from a
physical standpoint who put it together because if you know that also has to be
an impartial party you would think right because like Disney can't just do it and
you know or because then they hey those are the days where they're putting you
know hidden penises and the little mermaid like what if they take poor baby
Kermit and turn his weird little shaped pupils into little penises that's a good
point and get their little revenge on their competitors all the now they own
Muppet Babies they own every I was running the number they own every one of
these characters now I don't know if they actually own or but I don't I don't
actually think but the numbers have grown and probably more of these
characters are in the same corporate family than there they yeah no yeah I
don't think they actually they gained too many of these other than the Muppet
Babies and it drives them insane oh yeah make them crazy they look at this poster
and they're like why aren't they why don't I own these Bob Iger will go Bob
Iger will go into more debt just ruin the company further just so he can
acquire the Smurfs he somehow acquires the which has not existed for decades
weren't they involved in Deke already huh weren't they involved in D.
C.
here's here's the answer of whom made it this was made by Wang film productions
company limited in Taiwan this is a Taiwanese studio which was half owned by
Hanna Barbera and I don't know who on the remain nobody they owned themselves
but this was a company that took over giant workloads of massively ordered
Disney Warner Brothers Universal Deke show all of them yeah so because you look
at their filmography and it's just it's every one of the cartoons we would it's
everyone most of the things that these characters come for so that probably
gave everybody a head start that the same studio had like model sheets and
knew the basics of how to do these characters because it's a crate you'll
look at like okay they just fully did 30 episodes of Tiny Toons or 12 episodes of
DuckTales so I think this was the studio that was where it's like Disney TV
animation is drowning please handle some of the chip-and-dales for us yeah and so
they they took care of it all which then probably the issue just became like how
do we make all these characters not look insane next to each other and they don't
yeah yeah yeah mostly other than like Winnie the Pooh seems oddly small but
also Winnie the Pooh is justified as like a teddy bear so there's some I have
some issues with scale but well bring them up call out call out Wang here I
guess you know what I shouldn't know Alf seems small to me but I guess Alf
I'm trying to remember cartoon well enough cartoon might be different than
real Alf honestly this special is the main thing that keeps anybody
remembering that there was cartoon Alf cartoon is low on the top like live
action now it's number one I feel like Marvel Comics Alf is number two just
because some of those covers were funny I feel like those go around the internet
every now and then where's Alf's talk show with the Ed McMahon is that a is
that a real thing or am I hallucinating?
No that's real he was just circulating a clip
where Ed said something creepy to a woman and Alf had to correct him hmm so
it's actually David Copperfield yeah exactly so better joke from the old
bar flies yeah well so what about Ryan Reynolds Alf commercials that he's
producing well we'll have to find out yeah yeah do those exist that there's a
deal was struck between else new owners shout factory and Ryan Reynolds for some
ads featuring Alf for mint mogul I don't know I'm not sure or Raxam we'll see
which of Ryan Reynolds endeavors is Alf gonna be in the new mascot for for
Raxam I think that's gonna be welcomes to Raxam it's on the table the citizens
of Raxam immediately tear him apart like who's this creep so I'll also the same
company Wang film produced a similar sounding special called Flintstone kids
just say no oh have I ever seen that I was a Flintstone kids fan mm-hmm yeah I
don't know that I've ever seen that is it the one I know that there is a Michael
Jackson equivalent Michael Jack Stone perhaps I don't know who does maybe does
a song about say no to drugs oh interesting I don't know that I think I
mean unless the songs about something else maybe I'm equating a few the
several things I know about Flintstone kids I'm sorry listener that I'm not
sure enough about my Flintstone kids facts it would not shock me if that's
the case cuz I know all those kids shows had like an analog for a real-world
character or just a like a person or rip like when you watch it it's extremely
one-to-one sometimes like yeah you're rewatching Ninja Turtles or collecting
the toys or whatever it's like oh they just did a Robo cop in this episode oh
this episode is just Freddy Krueger like just like a lazy writer going I don't
know let's do Freddy Krueger with a different name yeah yeah let's just make
this Michael Jackson like whatever laziness with the Flintstones people I
don't I don't believe it okay well let's let's dive into the thing and you know
as we went in order here there was the George Bush intro which you heard some
of a couple things about this one is you know I've said you know I've implied
that this like the government you know led to this or was a presidential order
but I don't think that's true because you could see this internationally and
there were separate versions and separate intros done by the leaders of
many other countries with all pretty much the same format like it's kind of
always first lady and prime minister so they the prime ministers of Canada New
Zealand Australia at least you know if not more and here is Bob Hawke who was
the prime minister of Australia with his wife Hazel his extremely similar intro
many of your favorite characters come together in this one cartoon you
understand that drugs and alcohol can ruin your life so watch it then talk
about it with mum and dad and the rest of your family and your friends these are
funny characters but they have a strong and a serious message drugs are not good
for you these are they are funny but they won't be doing anything funny not
my watch why is it Hawke's watch first of all his wife is paying a kangaroo in
that covering it's now yeah put our hands in the power behave she hands are
all sticky from putting it in the pouch yeah shopping the kangaroo is a little
smaller baby yeah yeah the baby's crawling up her arm the covered in goo no
hoping your own camera why is everyone so old like everyone was just old back
like today our leaders today oh it's a vibrant out on camera and now Mitch
McConnell introduces drugs are there to go silent for 20 minutes the only
difference is I would say is that like all that those people are probably like
58 and they are ancient I think so I think so well also knowing how Bob Hawke
lived because I wanted to know more about Bob Hawke and you know here he is
but you go into his history Bob Hawke according to his Wikipedia set a world
record for drinking and and you look at that and like what does that mean does
that mean like most times most alcohol could see that's a pretty generic thing
to say yeah and I kept looking and what that what that means is chugging that
means he was like he's like that guy from the man show you know I play the
piano in the early days he could just the Fox oh yeah yeah uh-huh I went to
that guy's bar he was like so excited when he saw him on TV oh yeah there
were a lot of the Fox yeah no this Bob the eventual Prime Minister of Australia
could just like pick up two pints and just down it like it was like it was
water like superhuman level of chugging that implies that his like
throat's doing anything he just goes a clap and then it's gone yeah that would
explain why everyone looks so aged like yes full-throated professional drinking
and just smoking cigarettes all the time will aid you prematurely yes that's
true one of the funny things is George C Scott playing a character named smoke
and you just you look up George C Scott smoke and just photos of him smoking on
the Tonight Show so I guess it makes sense that he was smoking yeah well it
doesn't negate the character of smoke no it's more harder drugs I suppose they're
talking about but still.
I can't put it down for a five-minute television set.
Well those shows were a little longer you know he was gonna do it another guest
came on.
I'm gonna be out there for eight minutes saying I need my cigs.
Bob Hawke incidentally then he he got sober before he started his
political his big career and earnest was sober for many years did this
little intro to this you know so sobriety was a big part of his life and then he
was not the Prime Minister anymore and it was just like he just went to rugby
games and chugged beers again if there was ever a camera in front of him oh my
And everybody loved it.
Hooray!
And then he died and you know maybe some of the
reaction was the Prime Minister has passed but the first article I found was
like Bob Hawke's 11 greatest drinking moments.
Wow.
He was a champion drinker and
beloved for I think his obituary might be world record drinker comma Prime
Minister question mark.
He was like I can't remember.
Was Rob Ford the mayor?
Oh yeah.
Who was out of control drug-taking and stuff and he's past yes he has but his
brother is still in power something like that.
I don't know if he is also I believe a
terror I don't think he's like an addict.
Oh I don't know.
We'll have to look into that.
This is five times.
Did I already say on the show or have I just said to you guys that we tried to get him to be the
mayor of Moonbeam City that we reached out to Rob Ford.
I don't know that you have.
That doesn't actually seem so familiar.
Showrunner Tommy Blodgett, the hilarious Tommy Blodgett show got really into that idea like oh yeah that's what we got.
He just really like just really wanted to meet Rob Ford and they're like wouldn't that be so
fun if they're real and then and he's somehow out of contact in the Canadian
government.
Wow.
So he reached out to the contact and then like a week later he
got back to him and he said on the phone and said like um so it's not a no it's
not a no but and then there's a lot of but and then it didn't happen but why
wouldn't he do it?
He was the sitting mayor dealing with a lot of control.
I well some things you got to say no to.
I guess.
Cable animated shows.
No complaints because Powers Booth ended up playing that part but I at one point
saw an email list of who we were talking about.
So okay Rob Ford passed who else
do we get and somewhere in the ideas that were batted around was Donald
Trump.
Oh wow.
2014 remember he'd only done a lot of the bad stuff.
Right right.
We didn't pursue it it was just funny at some point I looked at Donald Trump in my
emails and I was like oh my god what if we'd done that.
Then that could have
happened.
He would have done that I think.
He would have insisted on being on it
maybe we would have kept him busier and he would have kept his nose out of politics.
Right.
Should have asked him.
Should have asked him.
Anyways George Bush is the
main thing to talk about here and this is it doesn't make me remember.
I was like
isn't there some story like I was trying to remember the other George Bush drug
stuff.
Do you remember the the baggie of crack?
Do you know about the baggie of crack?
Oh that they bought outside the White House.
Yes.
Quote unquote we bought this outside the White House.
Seven months before this he went on TV and said this is a baggie of crack that
was purchased just feet away from the White House and the whole thing was that
they had that idea to do that.
Okay so just like go find some crack and whoever
is doing this is like you can't do that.
It's gonna find crack.
You know it's
alright we have busted somebody like four blocks from here can we give you
that?
No no no it's got to be the block or it's gonna be the park next to the
White House.
So they had a guy that they were tailing and they were like they
already done several rounds of fine crack from not arresting him.
Right.
So just like hey alright we're ready for our next we just just
finished it up ready for our next round of crack please.
Would you mind this time
giving it to us at Lafayette Park?
What's that?
The park next to the White House.
What's that?
The guy literally said on the phone what the fuck is the White House?
Sure.
Guy who lives in Washington DC and then they explained it to him a little more
and he was like oh you mean where Reagan lives.
So then they arranged this fake
thing so that he can do it on TV but it's entirely fictionalized and then
like okay he's going live on TV what if he brings that up and then that guy
sees it and then he gets the jump on us and leaves town.
He might see the address
and see George Bush talking about crack bought in that park and then and then of
course that did not happen because he's not watching a president.
He doesn't know who the president is.
He's not gonna watch the live presidential address.
He might know we illegally entrapped him you know.
Then what if he sees it and knows that we did something illegal and sues us.
No the strangest that what a like weird bungled like burn after reading dopey
guys kind of thing to do.
Yeah.
The fake drug bust.
Also is that guy a CIA asset?
Because that's the thing I'm watching this like wait a lot of some of the crack it's been proven at this point was sold by the government like that was sure they're double dipping on this special they're doing don't say no and it's like well wait a minute you flooded cities.
You think elf knows that?
Elf doesn't know that.
Elfusco doesn't know anything about that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's really.
What do you need?
Can I help?
I'm doing a personal appearance.
I'm playing a mall in Ohio.
I can hide some drugs and inside elf.
Run a quick deal before I go into the mall.
We've got to fund the Contras.
We've got to fund.
Fusco was an asset.
A CIA asset.
All of elf.
Yeah.
We need so if there can be a government asset that confuses America entirely.
Yeah.
Why does this exist?
Why did they do it?
It's like okay we elf worked in the 80s but we need we need like the QAnon shaman.
Yeah.
We need this guy.
The war on drugs in general is like an unmitigated disaster.
It's a tremendous waste of money.
Yes.
All the programs the dare program all of it seemingly.
Which is now.
It's still around.
It's still around but more focused on bullying I believe.
Okay.
They don't care about.
I mean weed's legal in like a lot of the country now.
Yeah.
And that's what poor.
That's what Michael is just you know hooked on this dirt weed that he's getting in arcades and behind park toilets.
Well he gets a little harder.
He gets tempted by the harder stuff.
He gets a little hard.
We'll look at what's in his box here.
Yeah.
But that's the okay so let's now that George Bush has been introduced the our protagonists Michael a troubled teen and his little sister Corey who is getting concerned about him because he's been very moody and erratic.
Yeah.
And the inciting incident is that his her piggy bank has been broken into.
And or is about to be stolen.
It was stolen.
Yeah.
It's gone.
That's one of the items in her room that's not already shaped like one of the cartoon characters who will appear in it.
But she's still asleep and in sort of a proto Toy Story scenario.
Yeah.
The various the cartoon characters represented in her room start to come to life and are worried about what's happening to this family.
Some are on posters.
Some are you know is what baby Kermit is an alarm clock.
Alphys or excuse me Garfield is a lamp.
And then and then ultimately they couldn't figure out one for Slimer and he just manifests in the room.
Ghosty ghosty comes and comes to the wall.
Yeah.
Not around a lot.
Right.
Like you see him beginning and not.
Doesn't doesn't drive the story.
I feel smurfs are kind of bailed on pretty quickly.
Muppet babies really get a lot of time to shine.
I'd say they're driving it.
Let's get to let's get the babies handling this drug mess.
They are going to get this kid the worst trip of his life.
But so this the Michael and Corey scenario she's kind of like a little she's a little bit like goody two shoes and he is he's smoking some weed so he's really angry and looks like shit.
He's just getting he's gotten so action from presumably two weeks of occasional weed use.
Yeah yeah he's on death's door.
If you if you buy the animation you know that the the the box where he keeps his stash is opened up and this is something I wanted to show you guys.
Yeah I have the box.
OK.
Yeah.
We both noted this.
OK.
So this is we all stare at it.
Yeah this gets put in front of Alvin and the Chipmunks who are hiding under the bed.
Because Simon can serve as like the know it all right and know what what the things are.
So we see some some real brown joints and then we see a rolled up.
What's the rolled up tan thing.
This is Dr.
Jason about.
Well I don't know.
I thought those looked like coconuts to me.
Can you show me the picture again.
Yeah I.
Yeah I don't.
What is it.
I don't know.
Even the blunt I was like is that rope is he is that like rubber is he doing heroin.
Is it.
It's to tie his arm off.
There's a heroin illusion is it in there.
I think so.
Is that like maybe that's just hemp he's gonna make a bracelet out of.
That's that's music.
Well that's that's that's that's right.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
They don't approve that either.
I think it's rolling papers matches.
Maybe that's a grinder.
What's the blue thing.
That might be a grinder.
That's a grinder.
Oh in my mind it was like a bag of cocaine.
The blue thing.
I guess not.
I guess not.
I don't I don't know.
It looks like a miniature surfboard.
Yeah it does look like I'm really I'm really stumped by that.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I guess they didn't.
Grinder is to.
Here's a is a real amateur question.
Grinders to grind up the weed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Put it in a flower.
You got to grind it up.
OK.
You get that sticky icky flower.
You want to grind it up into a big old.
Well but you could.
Yeah.
You can put it in a bowl.
You can put it in a pipe.
Yeah.
Or the are the black.
The brown thing supposed to be blunt blunt.
Maybe.
OK.
Yeah I don't know.
I think that's correct.
Yes.
I'm stumped by the blue.
Don't know.
We'll post a photo.
Listeners you can decide.
Is it the blue meth from Breaking Bad.
If any.
They invented it.
They thought of their blue meth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Listeners we'll post a photo.
And you know say if you say if you know what these items are and it's not so that we can nirk you out to the government.
Yeah.
All right.
Really isn't.
We love that there's drug listeners in this show.
We embrace it and accept it and we will not be reporting you.
One of the hosts may have smoked a little and then watched this half of the special.
No.
Really.
No.
Well have a bit because I was just like frantically writing and I was like there's too many things.
There's too much going on.
You had to blaze up.
Yeah.
Wow.
Different.
You've been blazing a blast lately.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You made us take big old blunt away from you.
Now we can give it back.
Right.
I just found you know I'm packing up to move.
So I just found a little nub in in like a tube behind behind your bed in the corner.
In a pile of cobwebs.
In my box.
In your box.
You have a box.
You watched the box show when you were a kid and now you're a box user.
Coconut bundle under under.
You've got coconut.
You're shaving coconuts and putting them into it into a blunt.
Ikea Tupperware things that BPA free.
We're all big on BPA free.
A few years ago.
You know the box under my bed does have a little miniature surfboard in it for my figures.
Could put Michelangelo on.
I absolutely have a Michelangelo surfboard.
What did you say you buy for like accessories and heads and arms and some of the tackle box or a sewing kit.
More of a sewing kit.
I have four different little plastic boxes full with heads and hands and accessories.
Yeah.
Their first.
I think it's for sewing.
You're going to have to send me one of those.
Oh.
Because you have a lot of little accessories.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You got to have them to switch them in and out.
The cartoon all stars in your hat that come to life in your house.
Just just the introductions is going to take.
Oh my god.
Four hours.
It's going to be like what's happening.
I don't know.
Other Michelangelo.
What do you think.
Third Michelangelo.
What do you think.
If I could wait in here.
Oh it's the entire cast of Bucky O'Hare.
It's going to be like that Avengers endgame scene with all the portals and it just takes forever.
And it's every character salute each other.
50 Michelangelo animated Laverne and Shirley animated Alice for the Brady Bunch.
I have an elf.
I have an animated elf.
Neck and Mane animated elf.
Wow.
Wow.
OK.
So he gets in there like like oh no what's in this box.
I think it might.
I think
this we aren't in cartoon land anymore.
Then somebody looks.
No I think that's.
Oh wait that's an extra head for me.
Never mind.
He's clean.
It's just some CBD gummies from a gas station.
They're legal in all 50 states.
He hasn't taken one in nine years.
These are much expired.
Petrified CBD gummies.
I do have things like that where it's just like I tried one a decade ago and I'm like
well maybe we'll try another one in another 10 years.
Well yeah I've thrown stuff out like that because years ago when it was just medicinal in California.
Places would just give you like free stuff when you checked out like free little mini cookies or gummies or whatever.
You have those still.
No I've thrown them out over the years because they get classified.
Well yeah you don't want to keep a petrified.
Yeah.
Cookie can't be kept too long.
OK so the the cartoon all stars who are starting to appear know that something is amiss.
It's it's definitely an odd moment disturbed maybe a disturbing moment you might say to hear Simon the chipmunk referred to marijuana.
Yeah.
There's something strange.
It's weird to think about any of these
saying what's that smell.
I also noted that the chipmunks have especially funny dialogue because they have to directly address the drugs.
Yeah.
Which again I think would not happen now for a lot of these cartoons like you have to have like a human character say the drugs.
Yeah they wouldn't put these words in the mouth.
Yeah you couldn't do that.
Probably.
And I human characters teams say they're their teams wouldn't let them be filmed.
What do you mean.
You know saying that like
agents and managers.
The cartoons agents and managers.
No no the real life people.
It's like well we can't have Olivia Rodrigo say that.
Yes that's true.
There's no one older now.
She's older now.
But I know I'm listening to the album.
Yeah.
I'm listening.
I forget the name of it.
I'm listening to it.
I'm listening to Olivia.
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
I'm listening to it.
Yeah.
Assuming that's still popular when my daughter's grown up.
I'll be fine.
Yeah yeah.
It'll be real popular.
Yeah.
So I will say this.
Did you have when you I haven't watched this in many years but I watched it and I would like I almost immediately would start ranking the cartoons of like who I like and I was like hey these guys and then like oh I don't like the Smurfs showed up and I went I don't think I like the Smurfs and then the chipmunk showed up and I went I love the chipmunks.
I don't know why.
I really liked that chipmunks 80s show.
Yes.
That's the feeling I like the movie.
Yeah.
I liked it a little rock plays when they show up.
I really because I haven't seen the chipmunks.
I've seen some of these other characters more recently but I have not seen the chipmunks and I've not seen the Smurfs in a while and I was like the Smurfs.
We already generationally were not primed.
They were like a little before those differences make a big difference in what what your tunes you like.
But yeah I saw the chipmunks and I was like I love these chipmunks.
I totally do too.
I know I love who they chose.
Let me just say is it all my favorite characters.
Not necessarily.
But I really loved the chipmunks cartoon.
I loved Muppet Babies.
I loved that Winnie the Pooh cartoon.
I love that song.
I yeah I don't know.
So we it's a it's a good assortment.
It's not necessarily like the top star every one of these entities but there it's good ones.
Yes it's it's mostly I mostly like everybody.
Yeah.
I'm dogging on the Smurfs.
I loved the Muppet Babies.
It would air in reruns.
On Nickelodeon I partially learned the tell time because the Muppet Babies were on it either 10 or 1030 a.
m.
Secret tell between two times.
And that appointment TV for me.
You know.
Yeah I know it's a it's a good lineup.
I mean you also then because of that get like some of the great voice actors obviously.
And something that's cool about it is that you know because some of those people voiced a ton of characters you get they like will do multiples crossing over in not their company boundaries.
So like Roosie Taylor voice of many is Huey Dewey and Louie and Baby Gonzo.
So I like that that she gets to like hop between her.
I'm amazed that Jim Cummings is only poo and tigger.
It's surprising that you don't end up with another Cummings somewhere because he did so many.
Yeah yeah I had the same thought I was like oh he probably did another but yeah like tons of these.
Yes.
Right.
And then Mel Blanket just died.
So he would this is one of the first non Mel Blank.
Yes.
Jeff Bergman is both of them I think is to bug Zandaffi.
Did you know that all of the chipmunks are at this point in time are done between two people who are husband and wife.
I didn't know that it's the site.
This is one much of a family business.
The chipmunks are.
It's Ross Bagdasarian Jr.
His father started the whole thing and then Janice Carmen Bagdasarian.
So Elvin Ross is Alvin and Simon Janice's Theodore.
That's funny.
Yes.
So Alvin.
So always remember this.
The chipmunks are married when you're the three chipmunk stock.
They are all three married.
That's funny.
And they're pitched up right.
I think.
Yeah there's no way they're not.
Yeah yeah.
That's always been the case.
I was almost like oh a man is two of them and a woman is one of them.
Yeah.
And that's what the weirdest thing about getting like known actors to play the chipmunks in those recent movies.
We were like they're pitching them up.
What waste of tears.
Yes.
Like it's got to be Amy Poehler.
Yeah.
It's like Justin Long is one of the chipmunks.
I think.
And you're like Jesse McCarty.
I can't.
I don't know.
I feel like these voices are better than any time.
I haven't really seen the full movies.
But any time I hear them I go well these voices are actually more.
There's really zero reason in a lot of cases too.
And you like sometimes when they just go with the like Optimus Prime in the movies like when they made that Christopher Robin movie and it's just Jim coming like they didn't you know.
Yeah.
It didn't need to be Seth Rogen as Winnie the Pooh for no apparent reason.
It's probably a fight to keep Jim coming.
Doing that.
I'm sure I'm sure in all of these cases.
Yeah.
No I don't know.
I show me the data that shows that anybody's going to like the kids are going to big animated movies because of a famous person because of because of a star their parents like.
Yeah.
Well did.
How much did it help that Zendaya was Michi.
How much did that impact the bottom line of Michi.
Well I guess the viral marketing the video acted as viral marketing.
Maybe that actually did.
It was a comedian who had nothing to do with any of it.
Yeah.
So maybe that actually did work.
But it wasn't directly.
Let me ask you a question.
What is the name of that movie.
Do not know.
Yeah.
I don't either.
I don't know what the movie where Zendaya is Michi is.
I don't know.
Yeah.
That's one of those Nimgaloo kind of like I mean I can now it took.
But I watched like a half hour of the Nimgaloo movie before learning it was epic and probably was years before I looked it up.
Yeah.
What was that movie.
Nimgaloo.
Love Nimgaloo.
Nimgaloo should be.
We'll discuss at the end what our own cult cartoon all stars would be.
And Nimgaloo I think is involved.
Whoa dude you can't do drugs.
I would never do drugs and my the guy doing my voice would never do copious amounts of drugs.
Everyone making this or not.
They don't spend the 80s combining uppers and downers.
It's also funny from this perspective to go like well thank you George H.
W.
Bush for keeping your children away from alcohol.
Drugs I don't know.
I was like does it ever confirmed the W.
That one's not really cocaine.
I think it's not officially official official.
I mean it sounds right to me.
I was trying to look into this.
I don't know.
I think it's like a confirmation where he's like yeah I used to have a cocaine problem or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think it slipped out like that one time where he said that where he was giving that speech and like the Iraq War was a travesty of justice.
There's like a wedding video of him like hammered.
I'm trying to remember but I don't know if he seemed coked up on that one.
Anyway I think he did cocaine.
It seems right.
I'm just saying it's not maybe officially official.
There are other voice actor Michael Trouble Teen Michael voice of Max Goof and Binks the Cat Jason Marsden.
Oh my god TGIF perennial on every single one of those shows.
Yeah.
Always.
And he's good.
He's always good.
Yeah.
Good noise voice roles.
OK.
So we've we've established the gang.
The gang's all aligned and now they get a little bit more information.
They see that Michael has broken open the piggy bank broken his trust with his sister and he is going off to use his twenty dollars and quarters to go buy more drugs.
Alf declares that he's on a one way ticket to Nowheresville and they all jump out the window and go to town.
All right.
Let's go solve this except for Winnie the Pooh.
Just a moment that I've always loved that they are right.
Let's go down the banister.
And then but the sweet innocent Winnie the Pooh just waves.
Yes.
This coward.
He's Gary.
He's lazy too.
He's the one he's the only one who listened to like the lessons of like joke.
Don't jump out of a goddamn window.
You think that you think Pooh is rational.
Who always makes weird decisions.
That's true.
Yeah.
He's probably the biggest narc in this one.
Like he breaks the rules first.
He but if you I don't know if there's rules I don't know if this is Toy Story but he just for a while they're sneaking around like we can't let you know that we all talk.
And then at some point like Cory you can talk.
Yes of course I can talk.
They just got to get rid of that.
Yeah.
I'm going to be able to drive this story.
We got too much business to have the characters not talk.
Deadlines.
Right before this I think is when there was a moment I got hopeful because I hadn't looked up who who wrote this yet before when I was watching it.
There's a line that I got hopeful that Bruce Philanche was involved.
But that was not the case.
It was when Alf when they're talking about Michael stealing money from his sister and also something along the lines of like this never happened to Wally and the beef.
And I was like what is that for eight year olds.
Now I knew what that was as an eight year old but an average eight year old do they know they'll leave it to be of a reference.
And I was like I wonder if it's a couple of Lange.
Oh please.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it was not.
As I said I think I've said that my parents bought the home that I was born in that the beef was born that it's where they bought it from Jerry Mathers.
So I knew the beef but not every child would have the luxury of growing up being born into the home.
The Jerry Mathers.
Did you know the Wally and the beef reference at this point.
I knew leave it to be where it's not syndicated really where I grew up.
I think it was.
Well it was on Nick at night.
That's what I watched.
It wasn't like syndicated.
I mean I thought it then I knew it as a reference in sitcoms or movies.
I knew it as a reference.
There'd be a little parody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean I understand that this was commonly parodied well into the 90s.
Yeah.
Sure.
That was already 25 years 30 years old.
Yeah.
So yeah.
But I was hopeful that was the Lange or something but it was not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No it was a different writers on everything he worked on in the 70s.
Yes.
Yes.
They crossed paths though.
I'm so sans poo.
They all head out to keep an eye on Michael who goes to a bad kids arcade and he meets this.
And this is like this is maybe something where they painted a false picture of fat when drugs are presented to you for the first time in your life.
It is going to be the five bad scowling kids.
It will not be friends of yours happily like hey you want to.
It's going to be like hey.
So like it's going to be for some reason people are going to get their rocks off on seducing you in this.
Do it.
Like that's I think like you know I see the benefit in I don't think it's like so crazy and to like make a thing about keeping kids away from drugs.
However I think the lack of realism and how it will manifest is well odd.
It is odd.
It's I was saying this the other day.
We're like you want to like giving the full nuanced picture to like a child.
It's sort of impossible.
Doesn't really work.
I I also on them for that reason.
Yes.
But then that also like once kids realize the reality of things where it's like oh yeah like if you if you drink beer it feels good and that you could do it in my.
Like there's no way to actually give an eight year old that weird like well everything in moderation or milder stuff in moderation.
Well this is this is my question is like is this is it bad that this was shown to us.
I don't have a good answer because anything all my fear came from my family everything that I do regardless of what Michelangelo.
Yeah this didn't make much of an impact on me.
I don't think because everything I was afraid of was because I was made to be afraid of everything via my mother.
So cartoon all stars help you say no to tissue beds for your ghost busters.
Yeah yeah don't put a poster over your bed it'll suffocate you in the middle of the night.
Let's not even talk about tax.
To tax you got two eyes.
Do you want to vote down or not.
Yeah so yeah it's a good question and I don't really know I don't really know how to address that I don't know what I would do if I was president to try to keep kids away from drugs.
I remember thinking Darryl was silly in fourth and fifth grade and I remember thinking there was one kid on drugs in fifth grade because his brother I think was dealing drugs and we kind of knew it in a way because he was like something was wrong.
Something was odd about it.
We're like he passed he passed there.
Like what.
So so yeah I don't know.
It wasn't particularly hard like there usually where I grew up it was an after school activity so you didn't have to do it or it was assembly.
So you're like oh nice don't do class today.
I definitely remember a cop with a gun in my in my classroom.
We had a cop with a gun.
Definitely it was I think it was not.
Yeah there was.
Well definitely now but even back then like too many cops with guns in school.
Nowadays it's like fucking the war came home.
You know now it's like everyone's fully you have to have a police force in each school.
But I feel like only just now they're barely explaining like well a lot of this stuff is poverty or systemic issues.
You know I don't know.
Do kids learn about that or do they get it at college like we did.
Yeah I don't know.
I don't think that stuff would play in cartoon all stars to the rescue ultimately.
Is it just do you just not do this.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean I guess just a blanket maybe if a kid is like is it good to do drugs.
And they were like no one's ever said it yes or no.
I guess if they see it and then they experience it on the street in the street they might say no.
I don't want to do.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just yeah just tell them it's bad.
And then I.
Well we get a couple people that face this as parents and I feel like stresses me out at some point.
Maybe the knee jerk might be to add like for sake of ease early on say no don't do drugs and then shift your reality like OK.
You know you just got to be careful with that stuff and don't go over.
But you know you get it nuanced as you go.
Yeah I think that's but I don't think you can do nuance.
I agree that age.
No no no no I don't think so.
But I don't remember any situations when I was very young even when I was like a teenager where I'd be offered drugs.
I feel like the stuff that friends when like would act out quote unquote act out it was usually petty like shoplifting.
It was like anything can get out of CVS with some stuff or smoking cigarettes.
So were you somebody who's like Jason you want to get in on this we're going to go hit up too much dork five.
So you didn't ever.
And even like at 14 I was like why are you stealing like three dollar makeup from CV.
I feel like there's no way I'm taking three dollars of product away from CVS unless I earned it with a coupon weekly.
I have not been getting my coupons.
Give me like a 25 percent off which I don't like as much.
I feel like a lot of the women I grew up with like inevitably like well I just want to fucking I don't have money for I'm just going to steal makeup.
I can get away with it.
They don't pay attention.
So girls were stealing makeup from stealing makeup or smoking behind.
Well you got a platform now give us some names.
No.
Yeah sell them out.
It's fine to pay wall.
I mean like in high school they should be behind two walls.
And several more to they pay their debt.
Isn't it.
Would be good.
I was definitely not cool enough to go to the parties where people were drinking or it be like a high school graduation party and someone would be graduating standing there drinking a Bud Light next to their dad because they're like I don't know we live here.
I don't care.
You can do it here.
As long as I can see you.
Yeah yeah yeah no one of the strangest like if you're curious just do it here.
Well no I'm not going to get drunk with you.
That's not something I'm interested in.
That's a good way.
That's a very good deterrent.
That's maybe the best deterrent statement.
Just do some drinking with your dad.
The best deterrent I think I was like 10 11.
I was allowed at SIP of course light which I still think is disgusting.
Yeah.
And then at some point a sip of the wine that would be in the house which is white Zinfandel which is also nasty.
Yes I was I got thrown if you can imagine me I got thrown off the white wine course for a long time because I snuck some of my parents to Lano said 18 and I'm going to steal some of wine and I like it was so horrendous.
I just I spit it out immediately since I realized probably the wine terrible wine and to not chilled my parents.
Oh yeah.
Still don't they still just white wine.
They don't buy ice cube bar.
It's probably been there for like two months.
I didn't learn it from them.
Wow.
OK.
Yeah.
That's I guess that maybe that you could say that's a tactic too because if you give a child a sip of something they're not going to get drunk and they're just going to go oh god.
This sucks.
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean I guess it's like a really sweet wine it would taste like juice but you could have a sip of beer.
They'd be like well yeah that'll throw you off the course for a long time.
Actually here this is jumping around a little but let's bring parents into the conversation because he sent me.
Yeah.
They're literally they don't interact with the kid like yeah what's going on.
Dad.
Dad's pulling beers out of the fridge and like a couple of my beers are missing and mom says oh you probably drank them all watching the game last night and he doesn't flinch at that at all.
And I'm like so wait so the dad can drink so many beers that he's just like yeah that's probably right.
Yeah I don't know.
Six nine fourteen.
It's all fog to me.
It's by the way in a wooden crate in the years are missing.
That wood is going to warp dad.
Yeah.
Blacked out last night.
Honey you don't remember.
Oh gosh you wouldn't remember.
And then the next time you see him is in the garage and he's just moving items around in the most uncomfortable looking slacks you've ever seen.
Like he's.
It's not his slacks.
I didn't know the slacks.
He's like in a polo and slacks and he's like in theory working in the garage but just is probably cheapy anime.
I gotta figure out.
Just like moving items.
Well if I don't tell my wife I have work to do in the garage then I'm going to have to chip in with the kids.
So I have to go pretend that I know what tools are.
I'm just going to move paint cans around for a while.
OK I accidentally left the door open so I'm glad I wasn't screaming and crying like I often am.
But hey sweetie what's going on.
So any but anyway let me let me back up and say we go to these angry arcade teens and they refer to a drug.
Am I making this up that they say we're trying something harder now.
Lady Snake.
And I.
What's Lady Snake.
There's no Google results for Lady Snake.
Am I such a choir boy.
I've missed if I look if I am I am listeners mock me in the comments but I don't he doesn't even know what Lady Snake is.
Is he holding up crack rocks.
Is that what he's meant to be.
Maybe yeah I think so.
Which it's also like man what arcades were you going to.
Like it's a big jump.
Yes you look like you live in Pleasantville.
Like what is going on in this town.
The only the Lady Snake the only thing I know is the Simpsons reference.
What's that.
When Barry White says he loves the sexy slither of a lady snake.
Oh yeah.
But that's I don't know anything.
I don't know.
So well it kept the.
Hey I can honestly say I've never done Lady Snake.
Unless Lady Snake is like actually you know like mashed potatoes or something and I don't know that's what he's holding up his mash potato.
Yeah.
If it's mashed potatoes I've done Lady Lady Snake.
We've all done Lady Snake.
Yeah.
Anyway there's a siren they got a scatter the cops are here and then the cop is Bugs Bugs Bunnies entrance.
He talks about a joint he has a time machine he has a time machine to go back to three years ago when you know Michael was better.
And when he and all his friends used to wear baseball jerseys with their first initial.
Archie comics from the 1960s and like the Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Oh yeah that's true.
There's like the sweat yeah the sweater kind of I don't know.
The cardigan with your.
Yeah that's right.
This was a Bush campaign too.
We need more entertainment where children are wearing their first initial huge on their shirt so we can catch them faster when they deal crack.
That's what that's what they they.
Yeah they wanted the kids.
We need these kids when they're very young they're dressed like little dolls or little sailor boys.
And then when they grow up a little well they you get your plane baseball cap and your jersey with one letter on it.
Yeah it's a very funny flashback.
Yeah.
Oh Bugs got the time machine from Wiley Coyote he says.
Oh yeah I got it from some coyote.
Some coyote.
That's fine.
Oh the one stuck in an endless cycle of violence.
Yes.
We're not.
This shit goes wrong.
This shit this actually works.
Yeah.
Usually all of Wiley Coyote's shit.
It's Wiley doesn't know how to operate maybe.
That's true yeah.
Good hands every Acme item.
The problem is not with Acme.
Well that's an interesting.
Problems with the.
Wrinkle.
I guess this proves that doesn't it.
Yeah.
Maybe if Bugs who is smart.
Right.
Could use any yeah he could catch the Roadrunner very quickly.
No problem.
If Bugs wanted to eat the Roadrunner.
Yeah.
I don't know how he would feel about that and we're on the food chain.
Usually a bunny wouldn't eat a Roadrunner but the sizes are all over the map so he
might want to I don't know it's like a big turkey to him.
Yeah that's true.
Thanksgiving Roadrunner.
Gather up gang.
Maybe next year we'll have duck.
Bugs is like Bugs inspired by Alf maybe into eating other.
They might have rubbed off on each other doing this special yeah.
Hmm.
So I could eat my animal pals.
I would establish dominance.
The power play.
I mean I know I'm the I'm the main mascot I'm the.
I'm the face of the company but how do I show him that I'm number one.
If I threaten to kill Porky and eat him.
This is Buster bunnies getting a little too big for his britches.
He's eating his own kind.
I'll eat the Roadrunner.
Show him.
The power I'm capable of.
Ain't I a stinker.
I ate Buster Bunny.
Hey speaking of past guest Eric Bousa's Buster Bunny in the Tiny Tunes reboot.
He's Buster.
I didn't know what he was.
He's Buster.
OK.
He's Buster.
Yeah.
Great.
Great.
And then a woman Ashley Crystal who I knew from UCB is Babs.
So pretty fun.
I got pretty excited when I found out there was a Tiny Tunes reboot.
I love Tiny Tunes.
I like Tiny Tunes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So they didn't.
I mean we do voices all the time on the show.
Why didn't we get that.
They don't need a Ron DeSantis voice.
Because we can do that.
The mean Dean of the college.
Yeah.
Ron DeSantis or McGruff or.
Is McGruff in Tiny Tunes.
He could easily be.
It should be.
Or sort of a catch all Disney vlogger voice.
They don't need that.
OK.
Whatever.
Somebody who is in this.
I mean it all builds up to it.
We get another kind of like chase sequence and then there's like a yank down into the
sewer.
Yeah.
And we then we know who we get there.
And that is Michelangelo.
If they had to pick one I think they picked the right one.
Yes.
This is I waited for this during the whole when I knew you were like anytime I watch
this past the first viewing I was just like come on come on.
When's he going to show.
When are we getting to the fireworks factory.
Mm hmm.
And he showed up and yes watching this back I go it's not really the most exciting.
Yeah.
It's almost like why would you look forward to this and in the other ones he like
fights shredder and eats pizza.
It's awesome.
He stands around.
Yeah.
This is so boring for my normal Michelangelo day.
Yeah.
So to reiterate what bugs and Alf and the Smurfs said drugs are bad dude.
Yeah.
They covered that pretty much.
OK.
What can I bring to this discussion.
I don't know.
Look I don't want to be repetitive.
Just don't do them.
And of course as many people different articles pointed out it's like yeah my voice
seems like I'm high like it's I would be the most likely to be doing drugs and all
four turtles.
Yeah that's true.
But listen to what I have to say bro.
That's a subtext of all of our attitudes maybe less so I don't know Leonardo he's
kind of serious sometimes but yeah Leonardo is definitely the guy but even he you
know if we like trap a villain you know he'll party.
He just he just waits till the work is done.
He just spaces it out man.
Where do you think Danatello gets the ideas for all his gadgets.
Where do you get your ideas man.
You should have been Leonardo here character wise I think not Michelangelo.
I mean who you're going to not.
He's the number one guy I know my number one guy plummets if it's not Michael.
No it's true and I was he was my favorite.
So yeah but like he doesn't like let him punch somebody out here let him punch
something.
Smoke.
Well we have you know what I'm sorry I'm doing the whole description and I glossed
over that like yes the creation of that smoke from a joint turns into the
character smoke voiced by Academy Award winner George C Scott.
Yeah I would imagine.
Yeah probably.
Dr.
Strangelove.
It's good.
It's good.
It is good.
I like he's a good like crazy actor in general.
Oh my God he's he is such he gives the craziest performance.
He's a lunatic.
Yeah.
Strangelove so good.
Yeah I got no I got no beef with smoke.
Smoke's just good.
I think animation wise smoke is good.
Yeah I think smoke.
Hey smoke beats Ferngully villain in my book.
Oh oh similar smoke monster.
What's his name.
I don't know.
Tim Curry.
Right.
I mean he's got that song which I kind of like but Ferngully in general is kind
of a creepy.
Yeah.
Kind of icky movie.
It's a little weird.
Never never my favorite.
I got it like some family fun day that was Spider-Man and Luke Cage and Storm and
they fight a villain who I believe is to teach kids about the dangers of cigarette
smoking.
And a few years later I got it again and they had redrawn it.
They'd updated the art style.
You got the same comic.
It's the same comic.
Basically I'm going to try to find these because one was the more like stiffer 70
style and the one was the more like slicker 90s style and it's the same villain
and it's Luke Cage and Storm and Spider-Man and they're teaching kids about the
dangers of smoking cigarettes.
And there was a villain that was like created for this is what you're saying.
And it was like a smoke monster.
Yeah.
Well it was a guy in a doofy outfit.
Big cigarette.
Who could turn into like kind of smoke partially.
OK.
So they really went to the well for the smoke is the bad thing you know.
You got a smoke monster power rankings I'd be generally curious about listeners give
us your choice.
The lost.
That is lost factor in.
Hexas is the name of Tim Curry.
So yeah.
Hex.
Who's your favorite smoke monster.
But you got to I think you got to give it up to the Academy Award.
Yeah.
I think so.
Committed to performance.
So he's in there but he always hides when then when there's a threat.
I ain't got your back.
That you might get caught.
Yeah.
Cigarettes are going to let you down.
That's the message.
Yeah that's true.
If you get like if you're smoking a joint the smoke might not be there.
You get in trouble for smoke it will have already dissipated.
Smoke won't save you.
Something I've never thought about until this episode is for as much as I loved
Michelangelo why did I never note who the voice actor of Michelangelo.
Oh right.
I've I've never seen the name Townsend Coleman in my life.
Yeah.
Never occurred to me.
Have you have you like have you like seen him at a con or something.
I've never seen him in a con.
I didn't know that name until the last five to 10 years though.
It wasn't something that was necessarily on my radar.
It's like you think that I like I wanted to know I have to know who the voice of
Bart is the coolest character.
And there was kind of you know an early celebrity to Nancy Cartwright but I never.
Yeah.
Why did I not care about Townsend Coleman.
Townsend did a great job.
All four of the guys who did the original Turtles I think are doing more like events
at cons now owning it more than the last 10 years or so.
They should.
There's a very special quality to those originals.
Townsend Coleman did a ton of voices voice on Animaniacs one time of a kid you know
because they did their like topical stuff their Hollywood jokes.
Yeah.
And he voiced a character that I noted named Pressberg Katzen eiser man.
We got to look up what that is.
Yeah that's funny.
We got to find that.
Yeah.
And then he was the tick.
I don't know same guy was the tick and then was brought back as a voice on the dog
midnight on the Amazon revival which starred Peter Serafinowicz and I don't remember any
of the rest of the cast.
Peter Serafinowicz and that's it as far as I know.
OK moving on.
I don't remember anyone else.
So then we end up in kind of a psychedelic sequence which is pretty strong.
They get to they go on a nightmare roller coaster trip with the Muppet babies.
It's almost like Temple of Doom but in a dream sequence.
Mine cart.
It's a roller coaster but yeah it reminded me of that sequence.
As a kid I remembered this being like a feature length movie.
There's a million uploads of this on YouTube.
It is like 26 minutes long.
Yeah I know.
Yeah I stretched it out in my measure especially this sequence.
This seemed like a lot.
And I even though it's meant to scare you I liked it because it's a roller coaster.
It's a depiction of a ride.
I'd like to go on a ride based on this ride and this special.
All the Muppet babies in the ride vehicle with you talking about.
Oh my god.
That would be great.
Drugs might get you.
They might bring you up for a minute but then.
The babies having to deliver this dialogue is really funny.
It's not even the adult Muppets it's the babies.
Drugs are scrabbling your brain.
And then you get like there's this okay we've had a frame on my TV the whole time we've
been recording this which is my favorite part of the whole thing.
It's just like this is we're getting into some like crazy anime territory.
This shot where it like goes from Michael's horrified fit.
There's no dialogue or like almost any sound here.
It's just him gasping and then the Muppet babies are also gasping.
He looks more realistic or kind of off model than in any other shots.
And then he like you zoom out until he's just in an infinity void and then you keep
zooming and then you come out of his own eye.
So you get a second Michael.
It's so good they reuse I think some of it again.
Yeah.
A couple of minutes later.
I don't know if this was I this is just like genius from these Taiwan animators.
It's really weird.
I read somewhere that this they like did this in six weeks.
I don't know if that was somebody like obviously that I think they would have to
work quick.
I don't know if that's complete fact but yeah I'm pretty impressed that
they because I'm sure you have they shit all these things out.
Yeah.
As fast as they could.
But some of it like you could tell where they put the you know like the big the
scary trippy sequences like backgrounds are great really detailed.
You see like worse looking stuff in the real show in DuckTales or Ninja Turtles
sometimes.
Ninja Turtles opening from the original cartoon is awesome.
And then some of the episodes a lot of some of the scenes from the episodes you're
like I don't know that they have like a half hour to do this.
Possibly.
And then like the bandana color is wrong a lot.
And it would be like that too.
The credits are amazing.
Yes.
Yeah.
The show itself would be the stiffest like characters in business casual where
it walking between rooms in the mansion.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They were putting this is so off.
It's why we all revere these theme songs.
I will if I like I would watch all of these theme songs every day if I had to.
And then the shows I'll just like bail as fast as I don't understand.
They're so boring I almost don't know how I watched them all the time.
Well I've said this before we're like I loved Heathcliff and I loved the theme
song to Heathcliff.
I was more of a cat like cats fan.
That's the five timers here.
But I like the whole intro to Keith Cliffe and I tried watching like the first
episode and I was like this is unwatchable.
This is like it was like translated from a different country or something like it
doesn't even feel like it's so disjointed and it's so poorly animated and characters
like I remember Heathcliff having a lot of like slow walk cycles clunk clunk clunk.
Yeah.
Watch this guy step into frame slowly.
Mel Blank.
Whoa.
He was Heathcliff.
He was Heathcliff.
I don't know that actually.
Yeah.
Wow.
Wow.
You got some Hartman in there sometimes doing that.
Oh.
Who is he being?
What's the ant like?
He's Clarify.
Is it Walter Brennan maybe?
Who is that actor?
Yeah that might be right.
Um yeah I think he did some Heathcliff.
He's definitely he's what's Dennis the Menace.
Oh right right right.
Um okay let's see.
Oh uh Huey and Huey Dewey and Louie get into the game.
They kind of show up right before the song right.
Yeah they don't have much to do.
Tigger jumps into the song.
Yeah.
Well they factor in later but you know we'll get to that.
But the then you get this song and it's a notable thing about it and a big selling
point of the special that the song Wonderful Ways to Say No is an Ashman
Minkin.
Yes.
Jam.
In the exceedingly short period of time where Howard Ashman was working up his
classics this they had time for this.
Yes.
And I wish then I could say it's another part of your world.
It does not.
It is not as good as any of the other songs they've ever written.
I don't know.
I listen to it.
I also listen to it a couple of times because I wanted to champion it more.
Yeah.
I was like let me listen to that again.
Maybe I was zoning out or something and I was like I don't think it's not better
than any little shop of horror songs.
It's not better than the.
It's it doesn't.
It's a genre of song I don't really like so much.
I mean it's kind of like a sub kids from music man.
Paul in sings it.
Oh yeah.
Isn't that kind of it's like similar energy of song.
Diner that dinner that that that that.
Yeah it's a very like broad way.
Kind of.
Yeah yeah.
It's not.
You need you need a Paul in singing it to sell it in my mind.
For that.
Not a Fusco.
You know Lynn Fusco a Linde.
Is it at least kind of fun to see all these characters sing and like Michelangelo
tap a toe.
That's OK.
I'm pro that.
But yeah no I was like oh yeah I forgot that they did this song and I was like this
thing they shit this thing out.
I think this might have been a bit of a I don't know that they they they were
working on this as hard as they worked on.
They're like if we're the new Sherman Brothers the Sherman Brothers could crank
them out.
Let's crank them out.
Yeah.
Doesn't it feel like the kind of song like there's certain rides were like and
and this one had an original Sherman Brothers song.
Do we like it.
No.
There's those random like random Epcot stuff where you're like oh the Sherman
Brothers I'm like oh this one is when they may have lesser work they can't all
be.
So so it's also you just you have some of the most annoying voices.
Yeah.
Sing anything.
And let me flash ahead to that let me just take care of the credits song while
we're talking music because if you if you think wonderful ways to say no is bad
then you get to the the credits song.
Oh yeah.
Over this which I do I do like this like rainbow gradient with like speckled
texture that it plays over this.
This looms largely in my head.
But these might be this might be some of the most annoying singing ever recorded
for any reason.
I may have here as we say noorgh.
You'll see stronger and stronger that's how.
It's me in this house these
big thing.
He takes the cake you know what
you're saying.
Yeah.
All right.
Sorry, listener.
That's yeah, that is I do like that, but I don't think it would be interesting of
like so.
So when you're watching is it this guy, the movie's called Howard, Howard.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But then there's also he's Waking Sleeping Beauty.
Also, there's a lot of stuff in there.
If Howard was involved in this more, maybe it just they didn't bring out the
because he'd be mad story, you know, shaped the story of the he saves the Disney
company with his like opinions about these movies.
I feel like he fixed the movies he fixed specifically fixed Beauty and the Beast.
I think, right.
That's the story.
They're working on a lot and the B&B set a lot of problems and they just came in.
Oh, he wasn't supposed to do it.
Yeah.
And overall, the whole fucking thing.
It's the best one of all of them still, I think.
Yeah.
And the pressure is so high.
They couldn't like have the post Little Mermaid.
Right.
And be a letdown.
It had to elevate and it did and won Oscars and right.
And nominated for Oscars.
And but then Howard on this plate is also working on cartoon all star directing,
voice acting and save the Walt Disney Company.
And then his documentary was about to get removed as a tax write off.
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Friday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So crazy singing this song.
I don't know.
The story of this is kind of just like Michael,
doesn't the story sort of like, hey, don't do drugs in minute three
and then just different things happen.
And it's just a matter of volume.
Eventually, the song doesn't really seem to do it for him.
Right.
Well, again, Michael, in general, these are his sister's characters.
For the most part, he doesn't seem to care or is surprised
that a Ninja Turtle is talking to him.
Right.
Not concerned about it.
He should have been maybe more like characters from his jet,
like he man or something or Heathcliff, which aired earlier.
Yes.
If Heathcliff showed up, maybe he would have listened to him quicker
because he respected those characters.
But yeah, these are his sister's characters.
His sister is more our age.
Yeah.
Michael is a little older than us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But he might have been like, well, where did all right.
You didn't do drugs, Heathcliff.
Where are you now?
Huh?
You're not even on TV anymore.
There's no movie of you.
Right.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe there's also a big emphasis on
like we have to show Michael the error of his ways as opposed to,
hey, Michael, seems like he's in a tough spot.
Let's get him some help.
Like, let's support him.
Well, there there, I guess, is he says help out this help, I think.
At a certain point, there's something towards the end resembling like
very sort of what you're talking about.
But yeah, I think you're right.
That's that's the way you would adjust this today.
Yeah.
It's like you're fucked up, Michael.
Hey, Michael, you idiot.
Hey, we got to torture him until he stops.
Michael somehow didn't comprehend that the five people pushing drugs on him
were mean.
He gave in to peer pressure.
The only way anyone would ever do drugs is if five mean people were going,
hey, you have to do this.
It's like an electric guitar.
We was playing.
And he said, yeah, that sexy, evil guitar.
That's really the sign of something good happening.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, then he's just like persecuted.
And that's really the, you know, we end up in this psychedelic sequence, too,
where he just goes to this like a horrible decaying carnival.
More rides.
You could do a themed land based on settings from cartoon
All Stars to Rescue.
And this is where I lose the thread a little bit because he's on
scary rides, much like the Muppet Babies took him on.
But these ones have giant Huey, Dewey and Louie faces.
And they look so mad.
They they're trying to kill him.
Yeah.
They're bigger than him.
And like a whirly gig with eight Deweys on it is trying to crush him.
This.
This is not the way to get someone to stop doing drugs.
Yeah.
To abuse them psychologically.
This is not right.
I will go on record as saying that this is what will happen to you.
You pick it.
You can.
We will let you customize your character.
Yeah.
Whatever.
If you like Lumiere from Pinyin the Beast, then it will be Lumiere
trying to singe your ass with his flame hands.
But mark of our words, your favorite character will try to kill you.
Nimgaloo will put a bunch of oranges in a bag and wail on you
till you're done.
He's choking me with a scarf.
Yeah.
Series of scarves.
Yeah, no, I understand.
They tried to figure out a good visual way to represent this.
But yeah, the reality is like all the characters sit him down like Michael,
what are you going through?
What's going on here?
Yeah.
The song.
That's where you maybe can't fault the song as much.
Yeah, that's everybody.
Let's do something nice to show you that there's another way.
Yeah.
But then immediately after that, we're into dark carnival.
Yeah, because it's really, you know, you don't want it just to be like.
And then like Michael walks in the door and then all the characters
are standing there and he's like, what is this?
And they're like and Garfield like, that's your intervention.
Yeah, we're all just really worried about you.
We all love you and care about you.
Yeah, we care and love you.
We just want you're going to you've hit rock bottom.
Like that's the reality.
I was going to say just to jump on what Alf said.
You're a great guy.
And if I've never said I love you.
Let me say now, gosh, this is our friend, Dr.
Erica Johnson, and she's going to get you some help.
She's a pro at this.
Is Michelangelo going to do any more talking?
No, I think the doctor is going to take it from here.
And then that's the 15 minutes of the rest of the episode.
Hefty Smurf, do you want to weigh in at all?
No, I'm fine.
You're the doctor.
You do.
Isn't one of the there's got to be a doctor smurf, right?
That's kind of versed in this.
Oh, not really.
Their society needs at least a doctor.
Is there a doctor smurfing?
You're smurfing, complaining and listen to what the doctor has to say.
Isn't David the gnome here?
He's sort of a doctor.
No, he's not here.
He's outside smoking.
Yeah, he's got his long.
He's got his long pipe.
He's contemplating.
But don't do that either.
David can.
He's 500 years old.
Baby Kermit just zoomed in.
Yeah, sorry.
I'm a baby.
I'm out of the nursery today.
Doesn't mean my feelings are any less valid.
I'm using my imagination to pretend I'm there.
Strawberry shortcake RSVP with regrets.
And it's her own strawberry stationery.
We didn't send this out.
It's too bad, but it smells nice.
Everyone wants to take a whiff.
Great.
They don't have any.
And I hate to say to use such an old term, but like there's not as there's no
like girl character like.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Even Smurfette is in the poster, but doesn't appear special.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Of Cory and mom.
Yeah.
What about mom?
All her parents are there.
Mom.
Does mom have a name?
We looked it up.
Is it possibly Helen?
Oh, I don't know.
I think I think it might just be mom.
It might just be mom.
Check an IMDb.
All of them.
Yeah.
Moms and moms and female cartoon characters are nags.
At least in this one, the male characters also nags.
And some of the male nags are voiced by females.
That's true.
Some female actors got to do nagging in a male voice.
That's true.
There's this you we're going to meet the man in charge and then the man in charge
is smoke.
Yeah.
You.
The big razor blades are going to cut them up.
I.
He bends up inside of Miss Picky, Miss Picky's big straw, and she spits him out.
Yeah.
Being like now all of my sister's favorite characters are brutalizing me.
Yeah.
This.
Yeah.
Because like in the reality of the special, they're all creating these.
Or like I know they're supposed to also be representing like a drug trip that goes bad,
but they're on the trip with him.
It feels like they're orchestrating it to some degree.
I think so.
It feels like they're using their cartoon powers.
Yeah.
Pulling them into a car.
Yeah.
So they all they all teamed up.
Laurie O'Brien is the voice of both baby piggy and mom.
Oh, so they got they got to be real tidy with these actresses.
Yeah.
If they wanted some effect, they were going to have to hire the actors just for that.
And that's that's not going to work.
So, yeah, one is an extra.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Geez.
No, it's weird.
Daffy Duck does a crystal ball reading of the bowling ball.
I forgot Daffy's in here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little bit of Daffy.
Yeah.
And then you see him in the future.
He's Michael in the future.
And you see the drugs make you a literal zombie.
You become a Frankenstein if you do drugs.
And then after that, so all that you get.
All right.
Like I know that we sent you plummeting towards a razor blade
and spit you out of a straw, but then like we care about you.
Yeah.
The over the top, going back to like thinking about how you were explaining
this to kids, like the over the top, I think is where you actually kind of lose kids.
I remember there was a guy in high school and I maybe I've said this before.
There was like a scared straight guy and he had the intensity of that guy from Future
Islands.
If you've ever seen that David Letterman performance of Future Islands.
No, he was just at the time.
It's probably 10 years old at this point.
He just like he's a very expressive and he kind of like dances and he's like this.
And it's a good song.
And I like that band, but it's a very unique performance, I would say,
if you want to look it up even.
But like we had a guy like that who was that intense speed, like if you take ecstasy,
it'll melt your brain.
And we were just like looking at each other like, well, I don't think it's going to melt your brain.
Maybe bad.
Tell me like how bad it is.
But like he was like, yeah, this is like he was just as bizarre performance performance art
in front of like a bunch of 16 year olds.
The Macho Man scared you straight.
Yes.
And I was just like, yeah, I don't think I think you kind of lose even kids when you go
insanely over the top like this.
You start to smell around like this is too crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
So if it's like the guy was like, hey, look, here's the deal.
You don't know where you're getting your ecstasy.
It can fuck you up.
You really should be.
You probably shouldn't do it.
And you should be careful.
And here's a couple of things that actually happened for real.
I feel like the risks and I would feel like that would stick with you more than like this fucking buffoon came in here.
And like, yeah, well, my OK, my five timers is, of course, the day of prom.
We all had to go out in front of the school where they staged a car wreck.
Oh, we did this to there was a guy and a girl who they were going.
They were in a ripped tuxedo and fucked up prom dress and they were covered in stage blood.
Yes.
Well, we had we had that.
Sorry.
Oh, I think this has been on the show before.
I've said this before.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The fire department was next door.
So you would watch the fire truck leave the firehouse, come down the long road to the high school.
Yeah.
And like pull up and an ambulance and they'd start like, and this is what could happen.
OK, now you can have your half day to get ready for.
We had a guy we had they staged somebody going through the window of a car on the football field.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then they had a helicopter land on the football field,
which I guess this is a little bit of a bet.
This is at least like kind of what might happen for real.
But I remember being like, they got a helicopter.
So my production value and then I was like, this helicopter could like
accidentally go right into the stands and kill about 300 people.
And Bukovic.
This seems dangerous.
This seems dangerous.
Some people called in favors for that helicopter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I was like, OK.
And some of you would be looking at it like, is this part of it that then you're going to need a helicopter
and then it'll shop up a bunch?
No way.
Those are my friends.
Yeah.
They got shopped on for real.
Put half of the half the bunch of dummies on the other side.
And that's what must have happened.
I feel like we've we've made it through a lot.
If yes, we have.
Yes.
And I mean, we know I said the credits.
I said the very annoying song.
But I mean, tossing any fun details I missed.
But there's something I wanted to get out that that here.
This is this is my little rabbit hole on this thing that.
OK, so this airs April 21st, 1990 on April 19th.
1990, there was a joint hearing of before the Senate subcommittee on the judiciary
and the House Committee on the judiciary.
There was a Senate joint hearing about this special.
And this was not that you think Senate sub hearing and you think this will be like a grilling.
Right.
Like like we'll discuss, you know, was it was something improper?
This was just kind of a big Senate thing celebrating that this was done
and that it's going to air in several days.
Yeah.
And this was so, again, the day before 420, this time
the Senate all met with all the major people involved in the thing.
Richard Frank from Disney Studios, Roy Disney was there.
And then all star lineup of senators, congressmen,
many of the old ghouls Strom Thurman spoke Chuck Grassley,
Orrin Hatch, Arlen Specter.
But the opening remarks and the most talking at this thing done by one
Joseph Robinette Biden.
Yeah.
He gave the opening speech.
And this is all in a transcript that you can look up and read in full,
most of which dull, obviously, as a big Senate transcript.
But there are certain things that jump out in this that are so bonkers.
And forget.
I mean, I'll just cut to the chase.
This is OK.
Biden's opening address.
We'll also read a couple of his parts.
Oh, my God.
Biden is on Biden is on hinged in a different way now,
but we're completely on hinged in any hearing.
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
We'll wait till we see here.
OK.
Yeah.
And I don't know how to do Biden.
I don't know how to do 80s.
Biden's a tough road.
Yeah.
OK.
Anyone who doubts the power of cartoons,
I don't I don't think it was much about our children and their habits.
For unless your family has been stranded on a desert island
for the last six months, then
or if you are a parent like me with an eight year old,
you know that the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are a well known group
of individuals among eight year olds.
And you know the powerful impact of those turtles,
along with figures like Bugs Bunny and Winnie the Pooh
and the Smurfs and Alf, who have all had our children
imitate these characters and their mannerisms and their games.
What child is not imitating else games?
So just knowing that he was talking about the Ninja Turtles years ago
and then here's this is the bunch of boring stuff.
It's an honor, blah.
And then this jumps out.
We'll see.
This is the newest weapon in our so-called war against drugs.
And I'm not real crazy about that phrase, but in our effort to stem
what is a serious, serious problem facing this country?
This new weapon is not a naval carrier group or a new prison.
It isn't a one billion dollar research program for cocaine eating caterpillars.
It is more powerful in those things.
It's cartoon.
The billion Joe Biden.
This is when he was sane.
I was going to say, yeah, this is at a mere 58 years old.
He's talking about it isn't what we have not done on this day
is a billion dollar cocaine eating caterpillar.
Is that like a comment on like academic studies at universities?
I'm like wasteful.
It's too.
Yeah, we're going straight to the core with Alf.
But the fact that this came out of his brain and that he had to imagine
he's prepared these remarks that were typed up for him
and he had to imagine in his head a cocaine eating caterpillar.
This will be the way.
This is the way that we hit the warlords and the cartels where they
if we unleash the caterpillars, get them real coked up.
Now, I don't know what happens to them.
They start running around.
They start sprinting around the whole surface of the earth.
It's really a smoke trail from super fast caterpillars.
It's really that he just enunciated better back then.
And then has seemingly was more confident in what he was saying.
The speeches actually haven't changed.
No, not yet.
Yeah.
He would he would say something that insane now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just he would trail off a little bit.
Yeah.
He's one of the funny guys on the daily show like him.
He was one of the Washington politicians.
It was like, oh, he's a little sharp.
Yeah.
But he's I've said this before, too.
He was like he he was I had a sinister vibe before he was rehabbed
by the Obama administration.
Oh, sure.
I got a bad vibe from him before that.
And I don't know if it's just like, sure.
I kind of a big like Gene Ackman guy.
Yeah.
And like kind of he seems angry.
And then it was like the Obama administration was like, hey,
let's ice cream.
And it's like this goofy old guy.
And I was like, yeah, he's a goofy old guy.
Yeah.
Well, in recent and then the last part of the rehab
before the presidential campaign, the guy wears big cool shades.
Yeah.
Sure.
Do you ever not see this guy wearing big cool sunglasses?
All us comedians have a duty in this day
to show how he wears sunglasses and not make a joke about it.
Show that it's cool that he does it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he always does it.
It's been the president now.
It's three years straight of sunglasses wearing.
Sure.
Anyway, then what happens is like a back and forth.
Oh, wait, it is a little more that the teachers and the Ninja Turtles
and the parents and the Pooh Bear all do their part.
Did he say the Pooh Bear?
Pooh Bear.
He did.
That is in the transcript.
It's on all of us.
The teachers have to work with the Pooh Bear, not against the Pooh Bear.
I'm surprised he hasn't brought up the Pooh Bear.
It doesn't matter how rumbly in his tummy the Pooh Bear is.
He needs to do his stoutness exercises and he needs to keep kids off drugs.
He's ripped his bottom open.
Yeah, he ripped it open.
All the stuffing came out.
His brain might be stuffed and fluffed, but that doesn't mean he died.
He knows drugs are bad.
Then he then a bunch of people all make more comments.
And then it becomes a big like, you know, cross examination.
But again, everyone agrees we have to do we do this for two hours.
Yeah, let's put Roy Disney on the stand.
And then I just like this question.
We get into the logistics of it.
Mr.
Disney, what seems to us just like a normal depiction
of on a television screen of all these different characters we've seen in our
childhood, as well as watching our children grow that have never been
what they have never been together before.
Is that a big deal?
Is it a big deal that Daffy Duck appears with the Ninja Turtle or whatever?
From a property rights standpoint?
And the answer is yes.
Mr.
Biden, it remains a big deal.
It is a very like, of course, this blew all of our minds.
I do I do kind of appreciate that he's trying to wrap his head around like
he knows.
I don't know.
Difference between Turtle and Duck.
I don't know.
I was when I was a kid, there were no cartoons.
Depression.
We all had we all had sticks.
And they're on the back pages of the newspaper.
They didn't move.
They had no color.
They thought it would get us too excitable.
But now today, animations come to light.
And is that not does that not encourage drug use?
The trippiness of a car to color cartoon talking to you.
Surprising that the Republicans have not
dug this up.
Yeah, I am against it.
Oh, yeah.
Uh huh.
No, this will come out in the Hunter investigation.
And also it occurred to me is in all of this,
Mr.
Biden, great job keeping your kids off crack.
Yeah.
Well, gee whiz that maybe he was a little older, though.
So he didn't watch the special at the right time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's well.
And the characters didn't matter to him.
Yeah, exactly.
We're in his character.
Yeah.
It would have had to be for animated funds.
Yeah.
Yes.
Fine.
We need funds and the funds dog to go to and team up with Cleopatra.
When the party we can teach Cleopatra not to turn people to stone
or you can teach kids not to do drugs.
So honor part of family to 39.
Mr.
President, did you or did you not drink two
fridge beers from your wooden crate
while you watch cartoon all stars to the rescue?
I don't know.
I lost track.
I lost track.
Well, that says something.
Hang on.
Hang on.
That's bullhicky.
That's that's that's you.
We do.
Ian Louie.
Well, if you'd played closer attention, you would have seen you.
We do.
Ian Louie.
Anyway, I was just tickled by that.
And then and then
Richard Frank from Disney does answer about how like,
you know, we had to make sure they were drawn properly,
that their voice inflections are used, right,
that they're drawn to the right scale and the right size.
So Congress got this DVD commentary special for the or a hash got to hear
about how Winnie the Pooh had to be drawn proportionally to the Ninja Turtles.
God, that's so crazy.
Is that nuts?
This whole transcript.
Cocaine caterpillars.
Cocaine caterpillars.
Did you that they could use that.
Did you, Mr.
President, not advocate for the use of cocaine
for the funding?
Have you not robbed this country of a billion dollars
to put it into a cocaine caterpillar plan?
It is like.
Oh, oh, there was a certain thing in the air, I feel like when we were kids,
where adults, especially politicians, just talked about children
like they were aliens, like they just don't know how to reach them.
And these cartoons seem to do it as a cartoon seem to do it.
And I guess that happens now, too.
Like, like just get one.
Someone please.
Everyone is every nut job on the right.
It's just Helen Lovejoy screaming about one.
Someone please think about the children.
But I hope people understand them a little more.
I hope you wonderful fathers will give your children a little more grace.
Or you just turn into like Liberati.
You're like, are you wonderful?
May you shine.
He was cut from this.
He was cut from their animated cartoon.
Liberace real quick.
Three rounds of our cartoon.
If we wanted to put a draft of cartoon also our team right now,
just do it like three rounds of each picking our own favorite.
And then it could be anything.
It doesn't have to necessarily be related to the podcast.
Dizzy Devil.
And I want him to like just break the rules.
I want to see him do cocaine.
I want to see him spiral through cocaine.
And then like, what is that?
Then he just turns into the speed of light.
And his voice has to pitch way up.
You can't understand him anymore.
But then he comes down and you see it was not good for him to do.
Perfect.
Jasey Devil is Tiny Toons.
Yeah.
Is that correct?
OK.
You're the Tiny Toons fan.
No, I couldn't remember.
I remember that he was purple and I loved that he was purple.
Where would Dizzy be from otherwise?
I don't know.
Well, he could have been in high.
He could have been friends with Hot Stuff, Little Devil.
But you should know that, too.
Well, oh, can that be mine?
That's right.
A different devil.
Yeah, different devil.
OK, how does he do?
Do you have any sort of thoughts on what Hot Stuff would be?
How like he would approach the situation?
He would
he would have his little
this poker, his poker poker, his pitchfork.
Like we would assault him.
Oh, God.
He would stab them with his little devil stick.
You can jam in the butt.
Yeah.
OK.
I'm going to pick.
I think I'm going to pick Napoleon Bonafrog from the Ninja Turtles.
He's kind of got the same sort of stoner vibe, but I think,
yeah, in a situation here, he would have he'd be reformed
and be able to give some insight onto the process of getting clean.
Sure.
But anybody else would want to go around again?
Yeah.
Vlasic Pickle Stork.
Great.
Fantastic.
I'd like to put a pickle in your mouth instead of a blind.
He's a he's a very like upstanding citizen.
He's a little bit of a square, too.
So you get that perspective, I feel like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
For older generation.
Yes.
Yeah.
Baby Huey.
OK, you're going Harvey.
Jason wants all Harvey.
And baby Huey, baby Huey is a baby.
Yes.
So he's really impressionable.
He's got to be careful.
Like what that powder is that is that typey powder?
So does he get diapered with cocaine?
They put cocaine on his bottom accidentally.
Maybe or maybe just like sneeze it.
Yeah, there is always the gag is sneezing baby powder gets sprayed everywhere.
OK.
So for him, it's cocaine.
Baby Huey get energy.
Baby Huey like this.
OK.
I really like this.
I choose a
ruby cartoon, Ruben Kincaid, the Partridge family manager
from Partridge Family 3099 or whatever,
because he's sort of the adult in the room and he's got, you know,
he's got to be in charge of things.
So he sort of has to be the wrangler of all these characters
because they're all so different.
And he has to sort of figure out how to wrangle these characters
in the same way that he has to wrangle a family band.
Yeah.
Great.
Yeah.
That's tough.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Get it.
And he's like watching from the side of the stage while they do their performance.
Like Ruben.
Yeah, that's good for that's a good role for him.
That's good.
I'm going to toss in 90s Peter Parker and the polo shirt.
OK.
Our tune.
Not the cool.
They made him cooler later on with like a T-shirt and an open button up.
Right.
But he had a very square polo.
They made him really on that cartoon, though.
He was jacked and he had a cool voice.
He was very jacked.
It was the guy who played what's his name from and Greg Brady in the movies
and the Brady Bunch movies.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, forget his name.
Yeah.
Christopher something.
Prince Eric, too.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
So and then Nimgaloo's in, of course.
Nimgaloo's in there.
Yeah.
And most of the song, most of the King Features syndicate characters as well.
Yeah.
Almost all of them.
Just jam them all.
Yeah.
Just crowd shot.
Well, interesting, educational.
I hope this episode keeps you the listener off of drugs forever.
Yeah.
I hope we scared you straight.
And oh, wait.
And before I wrap it up, I got to mention if you want, if you like this special,
if you watch the special to watch this episode Saturday morning, All Star Hits,
the show I got to do with Mooney and Ben Jones culminates in the seventh episode
of it's called Tape Seven Danger that is on Netflix.
And it culminates.
It's kind of it's though if you didn't see the show,
entire alternate universe of Saturday morning cartoons,
which then culminates in a cartoon all stars of the characters
who don't exist otherwise with but also with people
from the other blocks that you don't get to see.
So it's some characters you've seen, but then it's like the meeps
and their villain, Bleaky Gloomer, who you haven't seen until this.
But you get from context that it's an all star.
Anyway, it was really fun to like dive into this and try to figure out
what made it tick and do what I think is the only parody of it
that exists out there.
Yeah.
I think so.
Was it was an and also, and if that doesn't sell you on it.
Oh, wait, part of Frank Welker, the great Frank Welker is in that
and is in the real thing.
Baby Kermit in the real thing.
And then wait, the guy slimer, right?
Well, he's slimer to slimer.
Oh, yeah, that seems right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think so.
And then he's he's in our thing as Ronnie Selfish,
the villain of Pro Bros.
So it's very cool recording it and realizing, oh, shit,
you were in the real thing was super cool.
Yeah.
And then in this one, gender flopped.
So it's like a it's a girl who's having she's it's not about doing drugs.
It's about saying shut up.
And there's a girl who started to say shut up.
And her younger brother is like a little wiener who's worried for her.
And the design of the younger brother is based on me,
is based on three year old me.
So if you want to see me in a even meeker
cartoon, all stars in the Kyle Mooney verse, check that out.
Yeah.
And do I do it before it gets pulled off?
For some reason, I check every once in a while to make sure.
I don't think Netflix has started doing the yanking.
Yeah.
Yeah, they don't do.
Yeah.
These surely extremely financially beneficial yanking of shows.
They must really got to rake it in from this.
This will save the company.
Yeah.
Having less content.
Right.
Anyway, check that all all cartoon stars say don't say shut up.
But for now, thanks for listening about Cartoon All-Stars to the rescue.
You survived podcast the ride.
Thanks for subscribing to Club Three.
Your bravery saved the podcast.
Well done.
Freedom fighters.
Halloween topics now scare us.
Scare that make the topic so scary that we jump at even seeing the comments
in the Patreon box.
