Forever.
Dog.
Attention.
The following podcast may contain frank discussion of Tiki Mug Addiction, secret closed door kiss
goodnights, and crepe rope drops.
Special guest Taryn Killam takes the good boys on, as the French would say, a totally zany
adventure through his favorite parts of the theme park world, including Remy's Ratatouille
Adventure.
And Podcast The Ride.
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, the show that provides Anton Ego-esque sensory flashbacks
to old bullshit you were better off forgetting.
I'm Scott Gardner, joined by Jason Sheridan.
Hi.
Hi, yeah.
Oh, okay.
I took a sec, it was right there, I know who Anton Ego is now, but I was like, I hope he
goes to Mike first.
Okay, oh sorry, well look at that.
I made the choice, which is usually the order.
Let's rectify that, Mike.
I was bad, I was changing the levels a little bit, I was fixing some of the technical aspects,
so I was unable to respond.
I also was hoping you went to Jason first.
Well, you did, thank goodness.
No Ratatouille experts among us, or people at least remembering the vague.
I mean, I was excited, oh yeah, Peter O'Toole, right.
Sure, yes.
What a voice cast, Brian Dennehy, Peter O'Toole, Patton Oswalt.
It is a very good voice cast, some of them factor into this attraction that we're going
to talk about, which we're so excited to do, and especially given the guest who we have.
We've heard for a long time that he is the rare combo of comedy, luminary, and parks
guy.
The best combo there could be, and we're here to confirm that and to celebrate it from Saturday
Night Live from Single Parents from Hamilton on Broadway, it's Tarrin Killam.
Hi guys.
Hey.
Buckle up.
Oh boy.
Permanent ser sentados, por favor.
Oh baby.
We're used to buckling at least, other people might not be so comfortable.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, so happy.
As you're representing with Powerline shirt.
You know, I'm happy to be here seeing you eye to eye.
Wow.
Wow.
It's nice to hear that, nice to be told that eye to eye.
Yes.
Beautiful message.
Beautiful message.
In high school, I used eye to eye as an audition song for my high school production season.
And did it get you the?
I did, not the musical.
No, no.
Really?
No, I ended up in Mousetrap.
Okay.
Geez.
So let them, well at least let them calibrate.
Do not let him sing.
I think I want to murder this guy.
Was it acapella eye to eye or is it a little?
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gotcha.
I'm trying to think how that, I guess, I think that would play though.
That's a strong melody.
Is it okay?
Yeah.
You need a lot of, there's a lot of production.
I find myself a notion.
One, I know that you'll understand.
Yeah, that did.
He set my world in motion.
By reaching out for each other's hands, baby we'll discover what we should have known all
along.
I just want to do the whole thing now.
Would anyone be mad?
We'll just do the entire thing.
Just do the show.
I don't know if you're going to do the middle, the Rosie Gaines.
After today.
Wow.
I mean that's the musical.
If you're going to go musical, the more theatery one.
For sure.
Well, at least with Mousetrap, you were able to tell your fellow high schoolers, you know,
that's the longest running play on the West End.
Exactly right.
Maybe period.
It is.
It is to this day.
I took my now 14 year old daughter, eight year old, when we were there in London, that
was like one of the only things that I said, we have to do it.
And it was one of the best, best decisions of my life because no audience is more earnest
and invested in an Agatha Christie mystery than an eight year old child.
Sure.
And we saw, you know, like they're probably at like 70% capacity and it's been there for
forever.
So everybody's and she, it was so real.
Like I remember, you know, the first act ends with like the whistling of three blind mice
and the old frumpy woman who's insulted everybody dying.
And she like lights go down, her body's on stage and like my daughter's just like squeezing
my arm harder and harder and the curtain comes down for intermission.
She looks at me, she goes, this is pretty scary, dad.
You know, which was wonderful because the performance was like, I say I've never been
to a bed and breakfast with less service.
You know, very arch.
Very.
Don't worry, that's going to lose a child that that level of British theatricality won't
work, but it seems like it did.
Wait, this is, I mean, I've got a thousand theme park questions, but this reminded me
of this one.
If you were the theater kid growing up and also a fan of this stuff, did you, and I know
you acted as a kid, did you ever consider theme park performance, theme park musicals
or whatever?
Did you ever pursue that?
I didn't.
I had friends in college who did do that.
And my best friend Hunter was in the very first California adventure parade, like the
He had a hang glider, like a, like a, like a base jump parachute hang glider that he
would dance to down the center of California adventure to celebrate.
Soren in a, in float form.
Yes.
He was a float.
He lasted, I think like two months because of the commute, just, you know, like we're
in LA to Anaheim is tricky, but I definitely like, I was more hoping for like, cause, cause
As I was in high school, like beauty and the beast, the musical was a big deal and like,
and like fairly legit.
Um, I'd, I'd hoped in my early twenties that they would do like a Hercules musical then
and like maybe do a young, young Hercules would have been, that would have been the
ideal for me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The way that they, there is that now they do that now.
They do it now.
Now there's a really, really, uh, a great production that I think they did a paper mill.
Okay.
Yeah.
Do you have some, do you have a dream Disney park?
Oh yeah.
In the theatrical realm.
Is it still, is it Hercules somewhere?
I've, I've so aged out of that.
Like, I think the Paul Schaeffer, um, I had a, who did, who did design the flower?
Isn't that just kooky?
Say babe and cat.
Hey babe, it's just a wacky, it's like, Oh my God, I'm captured.
I'm captured.
This is the worst.
Wow.
Jeez.
All right.
Just slap a bald cap on you and you're set.
Yeah.
I'll roll with that.
I feel like, I feel like a good role, like a good dramatic role is like, um, who is the
arch bishop or whatever from hunchback.
Oh my God.
Frollo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The fire.
The serious song.
Like that burn, like she'll burn, will burn and yeah.
Evil.
Yeah.
Like pervy, but he's religious.
Yeah.
That's, that's, that feels meaty.
Like fuck it up.
Yeah, that'd be great.
If you were doing that for a few months or something, you stay in that headspace.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Don't take that home.
Sniffing hair weirdly.
Don't give, don't give that role to Jared Leto.
Cause he's going to go.
God.
That's too hard.
Yeah.
Protect the women.
Um, okay.
Question I do have right off the bat though.
Um, given the day that this is coming out, uh, which is right at the end of September,
I believe, I think that this episode is being released in the dead center of the final voyage
of the Halcyon.
Oh yeah.
Galactic star cruiser.
The last weekend is happening right as people are hearing this.
Yes.
And you are among probably the few, well, the few people in general, it's like a, it's
a select club at this point of people.
Yes.
Did galactic star cruiser.
We chatted about this, Scott, and I listened, um, with open ears, but, but also with, with,
um, with a differing opinion, uh, the, the gentlemen from, from no hard feelings.
Oh yes.
Andrew Barth Feldman.
Yeah.
The most positive episode of this show in history.
And maybe ever we'll never do that again.
It was infectious cause I, cause it definitely like rewrote some of my experience where I
was like, yeah, that was all right.
Actually.
I mean, not to say that my experience was all negative, but now I'm so glad I went,
like I feel like I have like, you know, like the autograph of someone who's passed away
by having embarked on the Halcyon, you know, and I would have been furious had I not had
that experience while it existed.
Um, but it was, it was far from perfect as the business model is demonstrating as they
shut shutter up.
Yes, that's true.
If it were, yeah, if it were so an utterly perfect experience in every way.
Yeah.
It needed some things needed to change, I think, to keep it going.
And not to get, cause there are, there was clearly so much effort and passion that went
into it and a lot of like talent and, and some impressive achievements.
Um, and, and I don't want to get too philosophical, but I'm, I was born and raised in LA, so I'm
very pro Disneyland.
Uh, uh, Disney world was always like, I gotta get there.
That's the dream.
That's going to be even better.
And I've, and, and went, I think the first time I went was like 2017 and there were things
that met expectations, but there's a lot that fell short.
Oh, interesting.
And that, and that I think like, to just summarize, like, I feel like Disneyland does such a great
job of protecting the attendee from backstage.
Yeah.
Once you are, once you are in downtown Disney, once you're in the land, once you're in California,
you rarely get a peek of, of backstage and, and, and Orlando by nature, like there's no
way to hide an entire county from the thousands of people there.
Yeah.
Fire stations and infrastructure.
Yeah.
But because of that, as you're approaching these parks, you're seeing the girders and
the steel infrastructure.
You know what I mean?
Like you're seeing your, your first visual impression is this isn't real.
And I feel that Disneyland works pretty hard to protect that, that you are entering a magic
realm where all of this is tangible and real.
And that was my experience with the Halcyon is that like, as you pull up in the Southwest
corner of Hollywood studios parking lot, the first thing you see is the scaffolding at
the back of Batuu.
Like you just see like a mountain cap held up by a steel girder and you're like, Oh yeah,
I guess I did splurge and life savings to dress up like a Jedi, pull up in my rental
car into this parking lot to pretend for 48 hours.
Of all the spots for sure.
That is weird to not like maybe there, when you open that hotel, you would do have to
do the other side of the mountain.
Maybe that becomes required.
I think I expected a little more curation in terms of your entry and, and departure.
And like that's, that's just my biggest criticism of it is that as you enter, there's that the
sign for it was just a shipping container with like, you know, galactic star cruiser
spray painted on it basically.
And then the, and then the security guard, which is important and I get, but he's like
playing clothes, you know, he's in the white fedora and the short sleeves.
He's like, do you have any blaster?
You know, you can't have blasters and he like, there's just a lot of denial out of the gate.
They're like, you can't role play.
Yes.
This is thousands of dollars for you to fulfill a lifetime dream of, of existing in a universe
that inspired you to dream.
Just speaking for myself, but you can't do it all out.
You can go 85% and then like, like pulling up the valets there and like the guys like,
what kind of car is this?
I'm like, don't ask me that I'm wearing, I'm wearing a vest.
I bought off eBay that like, oh, you get, you arrived in it.
I read, I read every breakdown.
They said, come dressed, get ready to explore the ship.
Come ready.
And that was a huge mistake.
Cause I felt like, I felt like the fool I was, which is a 40 year old man dressed up
as a force sensitive smuggler, like, like spacecraft collector with a name named Jorgan
Mel.
Wow.
Wow.
And then you're pulling up and someone's like, Oh, is this a new Chevy Malibu?
Exactly.
Like, I think you mean spaceship.
Is this a Chevy Malibu spaceship?
It's a lane cruiser.
It's a Chevy.
It's a speeder bike.
Yeah, exactly.
And then like, once you're in it, there's so much that's great.
Like, I like the rooms, the windows, the digital windows are so impressive.
Are you like that?
You didn't feel like trapped by that?
I did not know.
And then they have their like atmospheric recreated, which is just like, you know, a
smoking area outside.
We're like, we're recreating the temperature on Batu.
And it's just like, truly a smoke break area.
It's like where your dog pees at the airport.
Yeah.
And like, and, and probably like 200 square feet.
Like it's, it's like very.
A box of outside.
Yes, it just is.
And again, like you can kind of hear like people waiting in line for smugglers,
runner, whatever, just on the other side of the wall, you know?
But also in that area, like was the experience that I did hope for, which like
a Sajay, which was established on the sort of Jedi students, they tell you to
collect these rocks and you put it on a big boulder and they're like, place them
anywhere you want.
And they're like, we can tell you're force sensitive.
I've been talking to my fellow crew members that you are in touch with the
force. I'm like, yes, yes, that's true.
And he goes, you established that.
So they knew to bring it up.
Yes.
Wow.
Wow.
Cause a lot of it's on the phone, which there's good and bad about that.
It's like, why am I staring at my phone when I want to be taken?
But also that's how they keep track.
And that's very smart.
Um, and he goes like, reach out and you reach out and the three rocks you've
been like shake on the boulder and then goes, try again.
You reach out and they all like swoop towards you with, with
our powers.
So cool.
Like moments like that fully worth it.
Like seeing two, like 10 year old kids who are the people I think that
experience is really meant for.
Um, seeing Chewbacca like hiding in the corner and like freaking out and going
like, we'll protect you Chewbacca.
Like, wow.
Yeah.
I still get chills.
Like loved all that.
But then the tail end is like, they do this big dinner show and the sort of
atrium and Kylo Ren fights Ray and they use force things and like he pulls her
and she slides and that looks cool.
And they're doing, they're doing, you know, stunt show lightsaber battles where
the soundtrack of the hits don't always align.
So it's like clash.
Um, do you think they have, is somebody like live doing it?
Is it that style or they have to learn a soundtrack?
I think it's choreographed.
Yeah.
I think that that's too, I think, you know, they choreographed the, like where
things land so they can like burn the pipe or whatever.
Exactly.
I think it's like, my guess would be a soundtrack, but it's fun.
It's a spectacle.
It's impressive, but like the lightsaber that I purchased there, like Ray goes,
you know, like together as one or whatever and puts the lightsaber up and I turn my
lightsaber on and then a woman very much in, in, in Taron language goes, sir, sir,
please put that down, please.
You can't turn that on right now.
And I was like, okay, sorry about that.
Um, of all the part, you would think that would be allowed and encouraged.
Let's kill this guy.
They very much.
Cause we, let's go Kylo.
Yeah.
I'm gonna murder him.
Um,
and then, and then the next morning, you guys, 7 a.m.
you hear the, um, you hear the chime.
There's this chime, um, do do do do, you know, and they're like, it's
time to disembark it's timed.
Get off the ship.
Get off.
We have to clean this.
We have to turn it around for the next people are coming at 1 p.m.
Get out of here.
Wow.
And it just, that left me feeling real chilly of like, oh, but, but this was,
isn't there going to be some sort of like, thank you.
And you saved it.
Here's your, here's your, you know, at least a late checkout option.
Blue milk vouch something.
They're like, get out of here.
Um, I thought you left after the S this whole time.
I thought it was the ceremony and then goodbye soldier.
And then, but now you sleep weirdly.
And I didn't know that either.
That's a weird seam.
That's weird.
It's, it was, it was a bummer because it's, it's like a full like walk of shame.
You know what I mean?
Like you're gathering your like motorcycle Jedi boots and like shoving them into
your suitcase, the world where it's not encouraged anymore.
Like, what am I wearing?
What am I doing?
Kids are crying.
They don't want to leave.
Like, you're just like, and they're like, thank you.
Thank you.
This way, this way, this way.
And then you pull out, you know, like you drive away and you're like, you kind of
look back, like, I want to take it in.
And it's fully just an office, a square office building.
You know what I mean?
With like, it's a sound, it's just a square sound stage.
And now you're back with the scaffolding of Batu.
And it's, I was just like, ah, the entry and the exit are really rough, but, but
while in there, there are some real magical moments.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
So if they had massaged some of this experience, that could have been a way to help it.
Wait, that's a good question.
If you, if you had to save it, not to make you put on the president of parks hat,
that's a high pressure hat.
But if you had, if there was some move, is it, is it, well, it feels like cost or
size or, yeah, those seem like big ones.
Yeah, it's tricky.
I mean, cause, cause all that presentational stuff is like the trees hadn't grown in
yet or whatever, you know, like that's like, we'll fix that over time.
I think it's like, uh, in the podcast where you covered it, they, he talked about
the, um, the heist and that was by far like the coolest thing to be a part of an
adventure of a narrative story that's happening that only 12 of the passengers
know about and other now that's full immersion that ruled.
And like, so I think it's like folding more of that in, but I definitely think
you, I could feel the performance union limitations.
That makes sense.
I could feel people like needed a break, like the, the person, somebody, somebody
couldn't come into your room and like with a secret mission at two in the morning
because they need a sleep break.
Exactly.
And like they weren't on the clock till 4 PM.
You know what I mean?
Like, um, so like that's that like, how, how do you massage that?
How do you figure that out?
Um, yeah.
And I just think, yeah, I think, I think more is the most unfair, simplest answer,
but it just like, even in 48 hours, you started to feel some of the repetition
too, right?
So it's tricky.
It's tricky, but also let people have their lightsabers on mainly that
first one, especially you.
And if you go back to galaxy's edge, you should be able to do it wherever you
want in a restaurant line in the bathroom.
If you're charging close to $200 for a lightsaber, let the, let the people turn
it on.
Yeah.
If it looks weird, like they brought it from home.
Yeah.
Clock that person.
If it's burning actual metal.
If there's a smell or a sound that isn't like the ones that you know, we sell.
Yeah.
You know, that's bullets somehow.
Yeah.
And they've maybe rigged it up to be more of a gun.
Yeah.
They checked on the blast.
A gunsaber.
Did you ever, you did like, you did star Wars material on Saturday Night Live and
other like, I feel like you got to like use that position to explore your like
childhood interests.
And was there ever, was there ever some moment where you're like, wow, I'm being
oddly specific about this costume or this set because it has to be this way,
because I know it so well.
Certainly.
But the beauty, particularly of those star Wars sketches is that like the film
crew, like they have like the film unit and there's the like digital short unit,
you know, like they broke off all these like small production units.
The crews of those were equally about Star Wars.
So we would show up.
I remember for like undercover boss, Kylo Ren.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd been there at that point, five or six years, and it was the most impressive
build in specificity, in caliber and scale.
Wow.
And Reese Thomas, the director, was like, yeah, we were talking, we want to have
some some TIE fighters flying in the background.
You'll see the hangar.
We're like, OK, that rules.
That's awesome.
Like seeing, we did like the Force Awakens where it's like all, you know, all of
our favorite heroes from the original trilogy aged up and they made a Millennium
Falcon cockpit.
And that was like a labor of love because the board was just like, you know, like
a Yamaha sound mixer and then and then game buttons taped to a black.
But yeah, but you could tell so much effort went into trying to recreate it as
much as possible.
Sure, sure, sure.
As close as they could get.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's incredible.
So pre Galaxy's Edge, you've you had built yourself immersion experiences.
Essentially a few of them.
Yeah, yeah.
A few of them.
Yeah.
And then Galaxy's Edge happens and you got to go to the opening, you were saying.
Correct.
I've I have reached out to my air quotes people for two favors ever for two, like
outside of work favors.
One was for to connect me to somebody for season tickets when the Rams were coming
back.
I'm a big football fan.
I love the Rams.
And so that that was an awesome connection and a huge perk.
And the second one, honest to goodness, was you have to get me into the opening of
Star Wars land.
Wow.
Like if you can't swing that for me, I think I'll quit the business.
I'll quit.
I'll just stop.
If all this work isn't worth that then.
And I was such a pain in the ass about it that by the time the day like the day the
event started, like 4 p.m., but I made my wife go like it like we dropped the kids
off at school.
We went to the parks and I was like, let's just take in the parks.
Let's see if we can check in early.
Let's see if we can get in.
And they're like, no, you cannot.
Please enjoy the parks.
And we walked around and we had a nice day.
And then I was there like 3 30 for the 4 p.m.
Check in.
And they had like Disneyland PR person greet us and they're like, hello, Taryn.
We're so happy to have you here.
You're very excited.
Seattle dossier preparation for sensitive.
Perhaps is what we heard.
Hello, Tara.
Where is it?
Jorgen.
And yeah, I just like Star Wars is it.
It's it is like I love Disney.
I love it.
Like Star Wars is my number one has been since before.
I can remember.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so they are like, we've we've arranged for a very special evening for you.
And they brought us into 21 Royal Suite, like the dream suite above pirates.
Oh, yeah.
And so we walked through there and we saw the two good night kisses.
Like there's a there's there's a like so guests who stay there get
locked in when the park closes.
Oh, I don't know any of this.
They have a butler that stays there with you.
Really?
Wow.
To help if you need anything, but also make sure you don't sneak back into the
park or whatever.
Yeah.
And it's a two bedroom suite.
And there's like there's the prime bedroom, which has the big king bed and is
much more part of its adventure land.
It's like adventure land, fairy tale land.
And the and there's something called a good night kiss.
Do we know this term?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's from characters waving before you leave.
Yes.
So this is they put it into the room in that as you go to bed, you hit the good
night kiss button and the lighting changes and it starts to rain and the
painting above the bed, like mermaids come to life and dive in the water.
And then you see Captain Hook's pirate ship fly in silhouette across the bed.
As you wild.
Yeah, beautiful.
And then in the sort of like kids bedroom, which is like two twin beds, which has a
much more frontier land themed vibe inside the good night kisses, there's a
toy train that goes around a shelf at the top of the room.
And what you realize is that all the little chotch keys behind that represent
different lands in the park.
So there's like a Matterhorn where little people hike and there's like, yeah, it's
really, it's beautiful and specific and awesome.
Can you activate it or is it do it like on a time?
There's a button you hit.
Yeah.
Okay.
You turn out the lights.
There's like a good night kiss button that they show you.
And can you do it a 25 to 40?
That's my question.
Yeah.
I didn't get to find that out, but you shouldn't get to stay there.
Do you know where the Butler stays?
Um, I know the hallway he enters from, if that makes sense.
He doesn't have like a room in the room.
He does not have his own quarters.
It's not like Downton Abbey.
Okay.
That's what I was picturing.
Disney Downton, Downton Disney Abbey.
There's like a little bell on your nightstand.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it comes in just in a character.
Like it's Smee in a character.
Um, he's bumbling.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He can't talk though, cause he's got the character head on.
So he's still, it's all miming like thirsty.
Raising it up to his mouth.
Um, so we got to see that and then they're like, okay, the, the Star Wars land,
galaxy's edge is open.
And we go in and I was like, so emotional.
And my wife is filming me and laughing hilariously because she like doesn't share the same
enthusiasm, but she knew what it meant for me.
Um, but like seeing an X-wing, you know what I mean?
Just seeing an X-wing in scale there and an A-wing parked next to it.
And, and, and that transition on through the cave is just like, they did such a great job.
They did such a good job.
And I said, my only goal while I'm here is I want to build a lightsaber cause I just
hear that that's going to be awesome.
And they're like, sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We can help arrange that.
And they said, we have a little, uh, area for you to sit in before the show starts.
And I was like, great.
And I go and I sit and it's in a booth and it's kind of like attached to the restaurant
across from like, um, Savi's workshop or where they like sell the nice lightsabers, the,
the hammerhead, uh, uh, yeah.
The end of antiquities.
There we go.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Doc on dark.
Yes.
Thank you.
We're looking for you.
We were looking for doc on dark.
I'm sorry, but you get no points.
And I'm sitting there and a guy walks up and he's like, hi, Terran.
Hey, nice to meet you.
I work for Lucasfilm.
We know you're a big fan.
Mark Hamill's here.
Would you like to meet him?
Ah, wow.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd like that.
No, thanks.
More green milk, please.
That guy is weird.
So I walk over and I get to say hi to Mark and he'd sent a video as a favor for a birthday.
And like, so we talked about it and we're, you know, and I got to say to him like,
this has got to be so surreal for you because like, at one point you were a 21 year old kid
looking for parking for this audition for a space movie.
Like, and now you're here.
And he was so kind.
He's like, yeah.
And at one point he's talking to me and he looks down and I'm wearing star wars shoes
with like Luke Skywalker, like they're like vans.
So it's just Luke Skywalker on the flat part of my foot.
He's like, I like your shoes.
And I had to go, I'm so sorry.
I'm such a big fan.
And so like, that was like just the right amount of embarrassing.
And then the show starts and we all cruise.
Oh, this is a fun tangential.
But at that, in that area, Kevin Feige was there and that's where he told Kobe that she
was a scroll at the end of the Spiderman.
Really?
Yes.
Wow.
Because that, that credit scene of her and Sam in the car was scripted for the very beginning
of the movie and they took pieces from that and then added that whole thing.
Kobe's like, what's a scroll?
And I had to explain it to her as we were walking towards the Millennium Falcon.
That's actually very cool.
Trust me.
It's a big deal.
Very exciting.
It's going to blow it is literally like expand the world.
Like you wouldn't believe it.
Jack Kirby, Jack Kirby.
Yeah, exactly.
Remember that shirt that you hate washing and folding with all the faces on it.
That's Jack Kirby's art.
And so we get there and like, you know, I'm, I'm next to Kevin Feige and Peyton Reed
and like Brie Larson is nearby and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
Like that's the kind of gathering it was.
Oh my God.
Weird and like.
Different kind of Avengers team, but.
Still a powerful one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like he's a smart one.
He's written a lot of books.
That's right.
The wisest.
He knows how to organize.
And so it starts in Bob Iger's they're doing his spiel and George Lucas talks and it's like,
that's awesome.
And then he brings out Mark and that's awesome.
And then they bring out Billy Dee Williams and that's even awesomer.
And then Bob Iger goes, well, without further ado, let's start up this millennium, you know,
bucket of bolts or whatever like pattern they've written for him.
And a Chewbacca shows up in the cockpit and goes, and he does the started, but he goes,
like the hyperdrive is not working.
And Iger goes, oh, dang, does anybody have any experience with millennium falcons?
And you hear like, Aldous and Harrison Ford marches out and the crowd loses its mind.
Like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, like had tears in his eyes.
He's like screaming.
And Peter Mayhew had just passed away like weeks earlier.
Right.
And you could like look back and see the teleprompter that they were reading off of
because they were like televising this.
And there's this beautiful moment that comes up where it says like, Harrison crosses to
Millennium Falcon.
He goes, Peter, this is for you.
And then he hits the thing and I'm like, welling up already and just reading the teleprompter.
But the way the way it was executed was great because he walks over and Harrison does like
a dramatic pause.
So he goes like, and Peter and he raises a fist.
But I think the fist was the visual cue for the sound guy.
So he goes, Peter.
And it starts and they launch fireworks and Harrison Ford screams, this is for you.
The whole it was fantastic.
It was everything I wanted.
The least somber tribute to anyone ever.
Exactly.
I'm sure Peter, wherever he is, is rolling his eyes like that, man.
That makes sense.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Rugged for 30 years, sweat my butt off.
They can't give me one quiet.
Nice little moment.
Everybody bottlenecks and the smugglers run.
We get off and I'm like, I'd like to make a lightsaber.
They're like, of course we can do that.
We also would like to invite you to Club 33.
And I'd never been.
Yeah.
And I was like, oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
You have a choice now.
Can I build the lightsaber first?
No.
I said that.
And the Disney PR people had to talk me down.
Like the tartan I was with was like, I think just go to the club.
The lightsaber experience will be here.
Just go to beer for a while.
And so I compromised.
I said, OK, let's at least walk through the shops.
So I bought like a Jabba's Hut toad and a T-shirt, a Black Spire T-shirt.
And I have like three Disney employees following me around as I'm holding bags of merch.
You just supermarket sweeped it.
Let's throw that in.
Exactly.
That's OK.
I'm technically going in the direction of Club 33.
Living with Michael Jackson in Dock on Dars.
I'll take that one.
I'll take that one.
I'll take that one.
I'll take that one.
I'll take those.
Take that robe.
And so we go to 33 and it's just Kobe and I in there and the staff.
Oh my god.
And I'm like, this is unbelievable.
This is incredible.
This is the greatest night of my life already.
And we sit there for 45 minutes just kind of shooting the shit with the bartenders.
And we get to see the jazz club.
We get to see the dining room.
And this is, I'd heard about this since like third grade.
Like, that's not real.
And it was so crazy to be there.
And then employees start filing in.
And there's only like eventually like 10 or 12.
But we realize that we're at Disney corporate's PR celebration party.
So it's like, it's like the head, like, Iger's number two in command hosting a party for her team.
Oh my god.
And then Kobe and I.
Geez.
Wow.
All the people who've all been in crazy succession stories in the newspaper articles.
100%.
We could see the Tom.
We could see, yeah.
Christine.
We could see the world.
Yeah.
Wow.
Geez.
Wheelers and dealers.
And they go around the room like, when they announced this five years ago,
this was the night we were building towards.
And every person in this room is responsible for the success of this evening.
Bill, the way your marketing campaign was extraordinary.
And Kirsten, the way that you handled press for this.
And our two guests who are also here.
So Kobe and I.
You helped too.
Yeah.
We're happy you're here to grab onto our coattails.
Why is it only you?
Where's Kareem?
Kareem didn't even want to.
Kareem didn't even want to.
Never heard about this.
Never heard of this club.
I think he probably had already done that.
He's like, I want to ride Smuggler.
I want to be an engineer on Smuggler's Run and I want to go home.
Sure.
Can he fit in there?
I wonder.
That's a good question.
Yeah, that's a great question.
He has to sit sideways like English style.
You can do it if you go on the floor.
Right.
And so we took our cue, but not before getting an application for 233.
You just put that when the tab comes and one membership please.
If you don't mind.
Literally have never been more charismatic and charming and like, hi, this is so not.
What a dream job to be here.
And so they're like, if you're serious here, email this tomorrow.
Wow.
Email, I think, at about 10 AM in the morning.
On the way home.
Exactly.
Like, I had a draft ready.
And then.
Wow.
Yeah.
And then, yeah, so we, and it was like, I had to kind of talk Kobe into it because it's like.
Some major decision.
Exactly.
And being the superb wife she is supported it.
So yeah, in August 2019, we became Club 33 members.
Wow.
And then in March 2020, we were no longer on the membership because of COVID.
Dude, was there ever.
But was there ever to do like that you were able to do it a little sooner?
Was there any early or just like, can we just go there and look at the empty park?
Or was it like fully shut off?
Could you get the vaccine early at Club 33?
Yeah, they had the Mickey vaccine.
Yeah, yeah.
October 2020.
They had a soft opening the day before it reopened.
Okay.
But I would imagine you felt the same way.
Like when Disney closed, that was even after Tom Hanks, like the Tom Hanks of it all is when
people are like, this is important.
I was like, it will be fine.
When Disney closed, I was like, oh no.
Yeah, yeah, that was a day.
Hey, and for us who have to talk about these things for like.
Yeah.
Well, I hope this doesn't keep us out of here for the year and a half.
Keep us killing time because we can't talk about new attractions for a long time.
You can only talk about Silver Dollar City so many times.
Somehow we haven't.
That's one of them amazingly.
Is that Branson?
Yes.
Oh, wow.
Back pocket.
I remember when that all was happening, like we were going to get together and record in person
an episode about the Main Street Electrical Parade.
And then they're like, maybe we address what's going on first.
Maybe we do an episode that's a little more topical and maybe let's try this video chatting
software and make sure it works.
I think it's called Zombs.
Yeah, exactly.
So once we got a little more used to that, we circled back around to the electrical parade
because we're like, anything else we could talk about would be great right now.
The moment where we all met our horrible master for the many years to come,
the zoom windows, we got acquainted to the Zombs.
Hey, we're here in person now.
Love that.
Next.
As you just, you're still COVID still a thing in our lives.
Glad you made it through.
Delayed this episode.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
Phantom of COVID is still in our lives.
Yes.
Yeah.
But now, as you say, you're like, you're stronger than ever.
You're the least.
If we all had it, if we were all.
Dare me to punch through that wall.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Whoa.
I don't know if you know that was not a sound effect we added.
I need a doctor.
All right, that's the end of that.
We're going to check on you.
Wow.
You kind of survived.
If I guess I read, you hurt yourself.
I didn't know anyone had that much blood in them.
Weld up in their fist.
Yeah.
Geez, well, what a crazy journey.
Wait, you know what else about that?
Club 33 must have been that like, because I thought about kids at college at that time.
So you just still have to keep paying for college while you can't be at the college.
Yes.
In Club 33, it's like, do we still, does this apply to us for this year and a half?
What they would do, the way that they sort of helped reinforce it, they paused membership.
They did.
Oh, OK.
They did.
They handled it great.
And then they would send you recipes for different appetizers they were going to do or cook.
They handled it really, really well.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you try them or were those intense?
Every single one.
Really?
I became such a barista for my wife and I in that time.
Wow.
I don't know if anybody else took to drinking during that time.
Yeah, yeah.
Picked up an escalator.
I was doing Carthay Manhattan's a let home.
Better go get that specific kind of bullet.
Barnum's Vacation.
That's my favorite that I've had at the 33.
What is that?
It's like, it's a rum peach drink and it is exquisite.
Like a peach liqueur, white rum, a little egg white.
It's superb.
Wow.
We got to go once to Club 33 and I was, I don't even know if I knew it at the time,
but I'm very captivated by the exclusive merch.
Are you like the teeth?
They have like a Walt Tiki mug recently I saw.
Do you have these?
I own this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Familiar with this.
The Tiki mugs in particular are my sweet spot.
Okay.
So Trader Sam's as well.
Yep.
And I really have to like pace myself.
Sure.
I bought myself one windbreaker, like my first official visit as a member.
I was like, this is it.
This is all I'll need.
And with every new hat, sweatshirt, like, you know, a duster that they come out with.
Wow.
Do you have a duster?
No, I would love a duster though.
That'd be amazing.
It's, it's a dangerous thing and they know it.
They know.
Yeah.
Yes.
They know it.
They're your dealer.
Yes.
Exactly.
They know what's going on.
Do I want, do I want the shag Tiki mug in blue or the metallic gold reflective Tiki mug?
I think probably both.
Just do all.
You may as well get both.
I should get both.
Yeah.
And probably backups just in case accidents happen.
Just pre-order them all.
Just like assume, just put it on my tab when you have a new, don't even make me read about what it is.
If you tell me where the factory is, I'll pick them up.
I'll save it.
I want it as fast, I want it still hot.
I want it not safe to touch.
I want to like put my thumb print into the bottom when it's still like just malleable enough.
Write my name really quick.
Having a baby has prevented me from driving down just to get the Tiki,
like the Haunted Mansion Tiki mug first day.
Yeah.
You know.
I have the, I have the two busts.
We have those Tiki mugs.
They did that a few years back.
I have the first round of Hatbox ghosts from both coasts because one has the face on the face and
one has the face in the Hatbox and they sold them different.
They were different.
So I had to pay a premium to get the one from the.
From the East Coast.
So you have all my respect.
Yeah.
This is a viable tech.
It could have been the topic is the actually that's the topic.
The mugs from all of these.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Also haven't gotten to the topic so we still.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we can decide whatever we want.
That is true.
I was thinking, yes, we can completely change.
Yeah.
This is an interactive choose your own adventure experience.
But having said that, we talked about Remy's Ratatouille adventure as a ride.
You've been on recently and passionate about it and that you've been on in both of its forms.
Correct.
Because it is in Paris.
It's in Walt Disney Studios Paris Park and it is in Epcot as of two years ago.
Yes.
So when I went to Galactic Star Cruiser, I gave myself an extra two days to take everything in.
Oh, great.
I was two weeks before Tron opened so I didn't get to do Tron.
Yeah.
But I did Galactic Rewind.
Oh, you made it for that.
We were saying we would love to talk about that.
We haven't gotten to do it yet.
We're going soon.
Luckily.
I can't wait to hear what you think.
I'm two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
Wow.
Wow.
Great.
What was your song?
What did you get?
My first one was Gloria Estefan.
Come on, everybody.
Yeah.
Come get it.
Sure.
That's what I want.
I want that one.
I want Tears for Fears.
Tears for Fears.
That's what I want.
Oh, right.
They have you.
I like September too.
These are all.
They're really good.
We went twice.
We got September and we got...
Okay.
Yeah.
I feel like they're better even selections than Mission Breakout.
Even though I like Mission Breakout songs a lot.
I like the songs.
I liked these songs in advance more.
That's what I agree.
My understanding is that it was when it opened, it was a huge library.
It was like 99 different songs.
Oh my God.
Really?
And that they aired it down to the six or seven that everybody,
all the Imagineers agreed on were like, that's always good.
Okay.
Okay.
I heard they can't all work on roller coaster patterns.
That's a tall order for a song.
Mad World by...
Oh, yeah.
It's an eerie effect.
It's interesting.
People are jumping off the ride.
Who raised both hands?
I heard they played September on the all day on the 21st.
On the day on the 21st.
They did it.
Yeah.
That's a nice thing.
They should keep doing that.
So you covered that.
And then I went to see Paris and the Ratatouille area, which was wonderful.
I had done the original one in Paris in 2018.
Koby was shooting a movie in UK and because she's a superb wife and I'm a not good husband,
I said, let's take the train to Paris.
And she's like, yes, Disneyland.
Oh, I'm waiting for it.
A little farther away from Paris.
And so, yeah, so we got to do it there.
And the Paris one's wonderful because you're in Paris, so that feels appropriate.
And the restaurant is really special.
The restaurant, which is kind of like as you exit the ride,
you can kind of even just peek in then.
And we sat there.
You get a view of it when the ride land.
We're going backwards.
But when you land at the end of it there, there's kind of a window open to the restaurant.
And the last scene of the ride proper is the restaurant.
So that's a nice through line.
Transition.
You get to go into it.
How was that?
I got to do it in Paris and I haven't done it in Epcot,
but I didn't do the restaurant, which I wonder if I should have.
What's your review?
I was really happy with the restaurant.
Really?
Very, very happy.
Yeah.
It was like everything's oversized.
It's like you've been shrunk down.
Food was really good.
You can get your little ratatouille stew kind of thing that they have there.
Can you get the magical little ball of ratatouille?
It's closer to, speaking of Anton Ego,
it's closer to his childhood version than to the Remy prepared version is my memory of it.
Like it's a little more stewier than the version where they're all sliced so nice.
I mean, that's a magical, it's so hard to make that it is the crux of the film about
cooking.
So that's probably bad to crank 2,000 of those out a day.
They probably tried and they were like, this is not feasible.
Yes.
I think that's right.
This does not cook in that form.
Yeah, right.
Right, right.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, yeah.
It is not bone.
It is mouth.
It is.
It is not bone.
Yeah, yeah.
No, no, it's very bone.
So this was a question I had.
It was like, will anyone attempt to say the name of the version in Paris?
I didn't even write it down.
That's how much I'm not going to attempt.
No clue.
I know it.
I just wrote down the English translation, which is it's very like the fancy French,
too.
And then they're actually the English one, Remy's Totally Zany Adventure.
What's the French word for Zany?
What do the French call Zany?
Remy.
Zan-dyo.
Do they have the notion of zaniness in Paris?
Yeah, Jerry Lewis.
Oh, he's a god.
That's why.
Comedian de l'artè.
I love that.
Remy and Jerry Lewis are kind of on equal footing in France.
They put his name in the title of the ride.
That's how important he is there.
But OK, so you did it in Paris.
I also have to, I always got to ask, because not a lot of guests on the show have made
it to Paris.
Overall Paris experience, because I have complained about mine.
OK.
Listeners have heard this before.
I'm curious if like, did they work out those kinks?
Was 2014 a weird time?
Yeah, mine will be slightly different than yours, because my first time ever was New
Year's 2009.
Our baby moon was to Paris.
And again, I've divorced my poor pregnant wife to go to Disneyland Paris.
And it was freezing.
But I was so excited to be there.
But it was freezing.
Mine was honeymoon in December.
And that, I think, was the key.
That is just bitter.
It's so cold.
It's like being in ice.
Yeah, you kind of forget that a big city like that is so much higher up on the latitude
than you'd imagine.
Paris, you always kind of picture, I picture at least, like the Seine at night, twinkling.
Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't feel it as much as in the converted field, essentially.
I just remember being in a corner of frontier land, where then it's not developed past that,
where it is just still a field.
And like, why is our honeymoon in a field?
I know we love Disney, but this feels crazy.
Yeah, yeah, no, well, like that first trip, I did enjoy the design.
And the consistent positive takeaway from my first and second trip was that the layout
of that, that you can see Sleeping Beauty's castle from anywhere in the park and the flatness
of it compared to anything else, I really, really, really loved.
Sure, that castle's incredible.
It's so beautiful.
It's all incredible to look at.
The design.
And like Main Street's like a little heightened, a little rounder, a little brighter.
Yeah, good Main Street for sure.
Yes, but we barely lasted half a day.
We didn't even go into Hollywood Studios or Walt Disney Studios because I remember
doing Space Mountain and I do like the sort of steampunk element of Tomorrowland in Paris.
I love every one of those buildings.
And that you launch from outside into Space Mountain.
Was I too afraid to do that?
Yes.
You were, okay.
Did I wait while my wife did it?
Yes, but I liked watching her waving from the cannon.
We had the inverse experience.
I got off the ride after doing it by myself to my pregnant wife, like shivering.
Let's go.
This is wrong.
Silly way to be.
So when I did Ratatouille was the summer of 2018, much more pleasant experience.
I love Disneyland Paris.
After that experience, I love it.
It's the best Big Thunder Mountain.
Right.
Hands down.
Yeah.
I didn't get to, I got the, which was cool in its own right.
I got the walk off, the best walk off I've ever gotten.
You went through the tunnel?
Yeah, through at the deepest possible point it could be.
So I'm in on the third lift hill.
So there was so much walking.
It was the longest walk through all of through I'm inside the mountains.
It was crazy, but it's also, so that's cool.
But I've also heard that the finale is the whole thing about it.
And that's what Tony Baxter designed it to that.
The other Big Thunder's kind of just end.
They're okay.
And then this actually, because what is it?
You're just like, you're right along the water.
It's like really whipping you around.
So for, yeah, for Disneyland Paris is Big Thunder Mountain.
You enter like at the edge of Tom Sawyer's Island.
So kind of where it is in Disneyland, but as it takes off, you immediately dip
into this dark tunnel filled with bats that takes you under the water.
So the mountain itself is like Tom Sawyer's Island.
In the center of the water and it's amazing.
And yeah, it doesn't have that tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick of Disneyland
where you just kind of go and do the little hump and then turn the right.
Yes.
No, there's a big finale.
And then you come back through the tunnel.
Like you go down, boom, back through the tunnel.
And now you're back.
It's so well designed and Phantom Manor was amazing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's beautiful.
Again, I like that you can see the castle from anywhere in the park.
I love the steampunk Tomorrowland.
I love that in Disneyland Paris, and I can't wait to go to the parks in Asia
because I'm sure there's a similar thing, but the Alice in Wonderland labyrinth.
Oh yeah.
Which is not a ride.
Right.
Yeah.
They have found a way to make a line so fun.
Like that was our daughter's favorite thing was just to run around this like
hedge maze labyrinth of Alice in Wonderland stuff.
And it's so well designed and it's brilliant.
But you're just standing in a line pretty much going from vignette to vignette.
So smart.
And then we did Walt Disney Studios.
Rattatouille is fun.
My favorite was the Crush Coaster.
That was such an oppressive line and we only had half a day and I regret it.
Carly Wiseau.
You've talked to Carly Wiseau.
She has that one up.
That's a regret.
I should have done it.
It is a really great ride.
Yeah.
It's really, really awesome.
Crap.
Well, I really blew it.
You really fucked it up.
I did.
I know.
Wrong time of year.
Missed a bunch of stuff.
So many problems with it.
Yeah.
One year maybe.
Bad attitude.
Maybe you were the problem.
I also keep saying it was the end of the honeymoon.
Maybe you end with Paris.
Maybe you end with like the beauty of the city.
Not like staying at a Radisson and getting on a shaky shuttle.
That's the last nice thing.
Not last.
I mean, I could say many, but my biggest positive takeaway from my second trip
was we stayed in the Disneyland Hotel, which is their front gate.
Oh, yeah.
It's so genius.
Yeah.
That seems like a pretty epic location.
You get out of the elevator and you walk 50 feet and you're in the park.
It's so smart.
Awesome.
Did you do a view?
Were you facing out to the park?
No, we were back towards the train station, I think.
So you saw the planet Hollywood.
Yeah, exactly.
I would choose that view, actually.
All right, Pete.
Dearly departed.
Yeah.
Well, this ride, I was thinking how it's in the genre,
the rare genre of park saver, where it's so good and clearly designed to be that way,
that a park opens, and by that I mean the Disney Studios Park,
that's considered kind of weak for a while and we need to put in reinforcements.
Something really great and unprecedented in the parks has to go in.
I guess you'd consider that.
Soren kept Government Adventure afloat, but then his Radiator Springs, I guess,
the park saver or Tower of Terror.
California Screamin', I think, was pretty fun, right?
Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think California Screamin' was decent.
It wasn't as dire as...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's closer maybe to Mystic Manor, which I've never done, but where that was, again,
kind of a cheaped out on park and then, okay, to make up for this,
the first big addition has to be something so crazy, high tech, that you can't do anywhere else,
at least at that time, and that's, I think, what Rats at Zooey was.
Hong Kong, to me, is like, that is the one I want to get to more than,
even though Tokyo Disney and DisneySea, they say, but Hong Kong was, the land was built.
Oh, yeah.
It was in the bay.
They showed them a bay of water and they're like,
we'll build you an island, basically, to bring Disneyland.
Yeah, it's like one of those man-made islands in Dubai.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Island-making technology that I'm not familiar with.
Same.
I don't know how it works, but yeah, that's crazy.
If you are, you can make a buck.
That's true.
If you get into the island-making racket.
I'll look into it.
I'm very profitable.
Yeah, I'll look into it.
I'm not going to need a new gig.
It takes a while, but it's a lot of work.
But yeah, no, Ratatouille was really fun.
I would say my experience was slightly dulled just because I'd already done
Transformers at Universal and it is very similar in its execution of the tech.
Yes.
Almost the same shape car going from room to room and this movie screen,
the digital projection kind of interaction.
It's supposed to be seamless.
Yeah, yeah, blending practical sets.
Yeah.
So I was like, okay, and I had a better experience in Florida than Paris.
Sure, sure.
You know, I felt similar.
This is a funny thing you've stepped into because Transformers is a big runner on the show.
Mike has made the argument that Transformers is better than Rise of the Resistance.
And some of it is now, and one of the only avenues where I can stand firm on that.
We may have to derail the topic after I introduce that.
If you have anything you want to say about that, we can get back on it.
Too much fog.
Too much fog on Transformers.
Okay, that's a good note.
There's a lot of fog.
Too much fog and are we going there?
We could if you want.
Sure, yeah.
It's not even a competition.
It's not even because already you are existing in a fully immersive land, off world.
The design of what you think is the initial line is beautiful.
Then you get an interactive experience within the line where you see Rey,
you see a tangible BB-8.
Then you see a full scale Poe Dameron X-wing, black painted.
Then you board a transport, you get star tours before anything is really started.
You get a Mon Calamari talking to you and Nine Nub piloting a star tours ride.
You're like, this is wholly satisfying in itself.
You can stand right next to them.
You can be creepily, you can really bother Lieutenant Beck.
Do you know that Nine is a reflection when you're seeing him?
He's below.
No.
No, I didn't know.
Really?
Isn't that insane?
I was told to be most recently.
That those way the space because you're on that, the lazy Susan,
they needed to consolidate space.
So he is actually a reflection that's happening underneath the Mon Calamari.
Really?
But isn't there a head?
Isn't there a tangible head?
Yes.
There, but then it's under it is, but you're seeing the reflection of it underneath.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I gotta take a look at this guy again.
I know.
Maybe I have to rethink the whole thing.
It's it's hard.
And by the way, you're still in the line.
Yes.
Still the line.
I think that's actually my favorite part is the Lieutenant Beck part of the whole thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Because that feels like so much like I can walk up to him and he's there.
That feels.
Yeah.
That feels the warmth that I'm looking for.
I mean, that area for me, the reveal of the hanger, nothing will beat that.
I would never storm troopers and you're looking out into space and it's the actual side,
you know, like that reveal and it's the same door you entered in.
Like that is amazing.
Isn't this funny, by the way, just for Inside Baseball, that just several days ago,
we were with Tom Sharpling on the best show and he was doing the exact inverse of what you were saying.
He did not like it.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Then you get in this box, you gotta see this box and it shakes around.
And he goes, and you realize you're.
Is this the ride?
He goes, yeah.
And you just realize this is all a line.
This is all just still a line.
I'm still in the line.
Then the door opens, the most tired person you ever see and says, hey, you're a prisoner now.
I like seeing two sides of the.
Yeah.
The beauty of the spectrum of the fandom.
Well, he also had a rough, the first time it broke down, second time he had to buy the lightning
lane, you know, so that adds a little more friction.
Emotional connection to some of this.
Yeah.
I sense that you're a bigger Star Wars fan than Tom Sharpling.
It's a guess, but we don't, we're thinking.
We're willing to debate it.
But.
Oh, that'd be good.
Yeah.
That like, yeah, for me it is.
We're still in the line.
Yes.
Yeah, I know.
Of course.
We can bet.
It's a trick.
That's a good thing.
And there's a line.
There's a ride in the line.
Has it never happened before?
You want more line, please.
The performative like, like other than I was trying to think about it in the Hollywood ride
was the only other ride where mid line ride experience, there's a human performative
element of it that, you know, you are now under the.
You know, the protection of the first order come this way.
And then we, I had the first time I ever went on rise.
I had the best resistance person come through the jail cell.
I had the best performer.
I had the best.
It was so fun.
And so, and it was still a little like, are we jungle cruise?
Are we messing with you?
Are we?
Because you go in those hallways and those hallways are so beautiful because you're like,
this is new hope.
Star Wars.
Like these hallways.
This is Princess Leia jail breakout, Star Wars hallways.
Then you're in the jail cell and then the surprise like I'm getting, I've been given two
huge surprises already.
And the real ride hasn't even begun.
When you didn't know what was coming, when you didn't know how you were going to get out
of that were the first time.
And where that I maybe we'll agree with Tom that some of the energy has lagged a little.
We were the first day there and that's when everybody's putting the mustard on the performance.
Let me shout it out.
This is the moment they've been waiting for for months.
I had a guy come in who just like, we're here to rescue you.
Come to it.
Move your butts.
If anybody asks, it's just a prisoner transfer.
Let me see your innocent face.
Good luck.
I was like, this is perfect.
They've been running this in the mirror every night for so long.
And it's joyful.
And then the ride begins and I still to this end.
So I was on it as I'm sure you were when all cannons were firing.
Oh, I know.
That's my favorite.
And it's not working.
Has it not been working?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
I haven't been in a while.
They limited it to two because they found that that was what was eating up a lot of power.
That's what was shutting it down a lot.
Or the mechanisms that are bigger than the ride vehicles constantly miss.
The Yeti in Expedition Everest ripping the foundation out.
That makes me sad because that's my favorite room in the whole thing.
It's the first time you hear the theme to the Star Wars.
And you're looking at the screens and those digital screens.
Yeah, they're amazing.
I'm looking out into space and they're playing Star Wars.
I get emotional every time in that hallway.
The most ho hum part.
There's no animatronics.
There's no, you know, but it is you just you feel it.
Yeah, I love and then, you know, the drop.
Yeah, they draw it's really good.
So good.
Now all that said, is there anything you want to say about Transformers?
Well, again, I don't want to.
I don't want to derail.
We did the whole episode.
We did a whole episode.
All I'll say is that.
The power point.
There was a literal power point.
That now that it feels like it's going to be the ultimate Star Wars ride,
there's almost things I'm missing in it in a way of like,
I don't think we're getting another e-ticket Star Wars ride ever.
Maybe not.
We might not get another e-ticket ride ever.
We may never ever ride again.
Then they're like 60 billion they're investing in.
They're claiming this number.
We hope this is true.
We'll see.
It's too vague for our.
So we need a little more info.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just don't want to get.
I don't want to pull the football away from me.
And to be fair, I feel like maybe there's a timeline issue,
which I could come to your side.
Well, timeline is definitely part of it.
But it's also.
Yeah.
How did you guys put it?
Like your friends?
Like there's none of your friends.
I certainly want my friends there.
Not these new.
I like the new people fine.
I'm not mad at the new people.
Saved by the new class though.
We're my friends.
Yes.
Yeah.
They just give me a little of my friends in there.
I'm with you on that.
At least you have Chewy.
Chewy takes the place of building as in all the shows.
Yeah.
Chewy is the building of Star Wars.
And R2D2 is Screech.
Yeah, yeah.
Chewy.
Oh.
So you got some of your friends.
Chewy had those rough few years where he was at that karaoke bar
and fur bank every night when the whole food is now.
He can't stand up for a time.
Oh, well, of course.
Yeah.
But he does good cameos, quick turnaround.
Yeah.
He's always nice.
He's always nice.
He's a character actor.
He's so nice.
He's so nice.
Now he's in the building.
The thing I was going to say to this argument,
one point where I could relate to your mostly impenetrable argument
was that I felt a little dead.
Sorry.
Impenetrably good argument.
That's what I meant.
Yeah, yeah.
So well presented.
But I felt this was probably the first trackless ride I went on
was Red Zatui.
And I could feel that I do like that a Transformers or a Spider-Man
has that whip that it can really spin you, whip you, just tight, precise moves.
And I think maybe a common thing about Rise of the Resistance and Red Zatui
that I think the trackless is really cool.
I really like it.
And I like what it opens up in terms of you go different paths.
But there's something that can be a little puttering about it.
That's not the most thrilling.
A little sterile, a little too robotic in a way.
Because I want Transformers fucks you up.
It fucks your body up.
You're smacking the back of it.
You kind of leave a little sore.
But isn't that what you want from Transformers, like a Michael Bay movie?
So like you go on Rise of the Resistance or Red Zatui.
And I haven't actually gotten to do Red Zatui yet.
And not that I think Red Zatui should fuck you up.
Just getting slammed into those pantry shelves.
The fire should burn you.
You're under Linguini's hair.
Whatever.
Oh, you want to feel there should be mice pulling your hair.
Yeah, there should be mice pulling your hair on the ride.
Where you should pull his hair.
It was honey.
Yes, exactly.
There's like hair as you go by and you can pull on it to go right away.
That's how you control the ride vehicle.
It's like he looks under a counter and his hat falls off.
And the hair is down there.
And then you on the ride can pull which direction you go.
Jeez.
That would be awesome, actually.
But yeah, I agree.
The track list for Mickey and Minnie's Runway Railway.
Perfect.
For Pooh's Honey Hot, which is in Japan, which we got to do a couple of times.
It's amazing and it's perfect.
The perfect property for that type of thing.
But yeah, for Star Wars, when they're shooting the blasters, I want the thing tip and all.
I want it to be Indiana Jones where my brain is a little concussed from the motion at the end.
Because when you're playing with figures as a kid, you're like, argh.
You want that shake.
Something needs to shake you.
You definitely define the line that we are on other sides of.
Because I will avoid Indiana Jones at all costs.
There you go.
Oh really?
How interesting.
It's a little bit.
And then the snake doesn't need to be that loud.
And I'm just like.
I kind of recoil from the snake every time.
It broke down next to the snake once.
Yeah, so it kept doing.
It kept doing it.
Oh, it didn't stop.
No.
Oh, I hate this.
For like 15, 10, 15 minutes.
And then I think we rode through with all the sound effects playing, but all the work lights.
Yeah, which is great because we were, of course, begging for a walk-off.
We wanted that.
We wanted that.
Just praying to the god we never talked to.
I know you don't hear from us a lot, but.
I was waiting for this.
We've got a theme park thing.
This is important, sir.
We've got a favor.
Someone told us, talking about the Star Wars cannons, it's come up a couple times.
Someone said when they were building that and they were testing those,
there was one of them that was not properly aligned.
And they move with such force, it hit the wall and it shook the foundation of the building.
So if you want some increased tension, just go like, oh, this thing's going to mess us up.
If it hits us.
Yeah, well, I mean, maybe that's part of what you're missing too is there was some back and forth.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, it was jerky.
Yes, yes.
That is for sure.
And because it's so big, it's like the Stormtroopers, you're like,
I want to feel like I'm in danger.
But it's a little bit more.
You want to ride that that's partially destroying the city of Anaheim's power grid.
Yes.
Residents can't cook a meal tonight because...
If it's working properly, people are suffering in Anaheim as far as their electric consumption.
It's like the whole coast are causing all those brownouts back in 99.
Yes, that's what needs to happen.
So yeah, I like Ryzer's a lot.
But this was so much smoke on Transformers though.
There's so much smoke.
It's with the glasses.
Then you add to that.
You're wearing goggles and then it fogs.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
But anyway, I was just saying that is an area where I could relate.
Where this is an attraction that is meant to be madcap and it has that feeling.
And I think the ride films part of it are fantastic.
But then I could feel that you would sort of like leave a part that does feel very
manic from the screen and then just slide into the pantry.
And now we drift over here and it's all good.
Everything's really well done.
I was sort of craving a more Transformers ride vehicle.
But in my mind, did you feel...
You were saying it was like a better experience somehow in Epcot for him.
Yeah, and I wonder because the last time I'd ridden it was five years previous in Paris,
I wonder if the screen technology caught up and what the actual design differences of the track
are, if any.
But some of those transitions and the oversized kind of prop pieces of the room that move in,
I enjoyed more this time.
Sure, sure.
Oh, good.
Oh, yeah.
I rode it like a month after it opened at Epcot.
And there's not a fancy restaurant.
There's just a casual creperie next to it.
And a crepe window, which I think my affection for this place is partially due to
post-COVID opening stuff where we're so happy to get down there and see this new land.
And we were at the crepe window when it opened at 10 a.m.
You hope dropped the crepe window.
Yes.
Well, because we had gotten trapped at the yacht because of Run Disney.
Oh, yeah.
I remember you complaining.
Oh, the famous marathon.
We got trapped there and Disney Springs wasn't open yet.
It's a 20-minute ordeal.
It was 20 minutes.
It was 20 minutes.
It was like a few hours.
Anyway, we got down there and so it was so nice to go in that area.
But it took a couple days to get on Ratatouille because we had like
two or three days reserved at Epcot the first day.
Just wasn't getting the virtual queues.
And then I finally got it.
And then, oh, thank God.
Like we got on, got in the queue and I was like so stressed about like trying to get
on, make sure my family got on this.
And then when you come around the corner and there's a big Gousseau sign
and it's playing the music for the movie, I'm like, OK, the vibes are very good.
I'm very relaxed.
Yeah, that's good.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, the music does.
I had totally forgotten there were 3D glasses until I was rewatching the ride through.
I didn't really remember.
I remember the track list.
Like this was one of the first, probably the second track list ride I had done.
Second or third, maybe.
And so maybe that was a little decreased.
The excitement.
Maybe if I had done this first of like, oh, a new ride system.
Cool.
If it's the first track list you've ever done.
Oh, for sure.
But yeah, I also had forgotten, you know, I always like this movie.
And of course, there's always a joke now of like a cartoon rat pulling on your hair
and make you do things.
But I forget.
Always.
The.
Yeah, always.
That's how I do good stuff.
Common thing now.
That's why I let my hair get a little higher sometimes.
So the rat can hop on.
The rat controls Linguini, but then a ghost chef tells the rat what to do,
which I forget is a big part of the movie.
Yes.
A lot of constructs.
Yes, true.
Yeah, a little chef and then a little another ghost little chef.
Also Linguini is the bastard son of the chef.
Of the ghost chef.
Yes.
He's very Hamlet-esque.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yes.
Ratatouille, the Hamlet of Pixar.
Oh, interesting.
Lion King is at Disney, I know, but.
Oh, sure.
I guess that's the closest.
Dramatic family dynamics.
Yeah.
Yeah, what are your feelings about the film?
You're a fan of the film.
I love.
Top three picks are.
Coco's number one, Ratatouille's probably number two.
Maybe Inside Out or Toy Story 2 is number three.
One of those.
Good picks.
Really good picks.
Emotional picks.
Yeah, I like to feel.
Well, you should like the end of Transformers, the ride.
I like to feel catharsis, not sore joints.
His head, he comes out and he says he's proud of you.
This is a big, well, this is actually relevant.
I was thinking about it because the ride does.
Mike has pressed that of one of the great moments in ride history is Optimus Prime
reaching down to you and saying.
Down and he goes, your bravery saved the planet.
Well done, freedom fighters.
And I feel something there.
I get that.
Yeah.
I'm with you.
Yeah.
But if it was only that part of the ride, you'd like it.
Defense rest.
If it was just that again and him revealing like.
Yeah.
And you're my son now.
Yeah.
And he goes one by one in the car and says something personal about each of you.
Yes.
Yes.
And you're a good father.
You've listened to the Olivia Rodrigo album.
You are cool.
Over and over again.
You may be a parent.
Yeah.
But you like it.
Yeah.
And he calls you by your name, Taron, as opposed to ET, you always called me Tram.
Yeah.
Tram.
Friend.
He's just doing his thing.
Not going to try it today, friend.
Buddy pal.
Hey, you.
Hey, guy.
Slick.
This guy.
This ride does have a, maybe you wouldn't call it a moment of intimacy.
I know it can't rival what you like about Transfers, but it is, I like when rides end
with a little round of applause for what you just did.
Oh, yeah.
You get a nice little welcoming committee at the mouse restaurant.
Yeah.
Oh, right.
The rat restaurant, I guess.
I just, I don't know, I like that in Harry Potter.
I just tend to like, wow, this ending is a big round, a group has gathered.
Maybe that's my version of, I don't need a robot to get right up in my face,
but I like that a crowd is, it makes me feel like I'm at a surprise party.
You don't like a robot and kissing distance?
I guess I don't.
I did before COVID, and now it's just personal space.
I hear you.
More of a thing for me.
Everyone likes a round of applause.
You ever just clap for a dog?
They love it.
We clap for our dogs sometimes.
We clap for a dog.
And he likes it.
Yeah, he likes them a lot.
Humans like it too.
To your point about the layout of Epcot though, I did feel a little trapped.
You know what I mean?
It is one way in, one way out.
Yeah.
And that the creperie is there, and then the space between the creperie and the ride
looks like it goes that where the restaurant is, but that's just part of the line.
That's just part of the queue.
And I feel my memory of Paris is that it is all kind of,
the flow of it is there's much better feng shui to it.
You kind of just walk up to the whole district essentially.
The square there.
Whereas I haven't gotten to do it in Epcot yet.
It's tucked around.
You could be around a corner a little.
Because it doesn't disrupt the main, they added this on to the France Pavilion in World
Showcase, which is a cool thing that they got to just expand.
Nothing ever happens in World Showcase.
That's kind of a nuts thing that they got a huge ride, that they added more beautiful
Parisian vibes.
So that's all cool.
But there's something awkward about the wraparound of it.
I thought so.
And you're walking by the sky chairs there as you come in.
So it's a little bit more of that.
Oh yeah.
Well, it's a little, yeah.
If you're coming in the back entrance by Boardwalk Beach Club, Yacht Club, it's a little,
in England, yeah, it's a little easier to just walk right into Ratatouille.
For sure.
But it's like you're in the tail of the rat.
It's an alleyway.
Yeah, it's an alleyway.
It's a classic theme park alleyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You'd have to take Frozen out of this, I guess, because Frozen's like a redo of an
already.
So I would say this is the first truly new World Showcase ride from scratch in over 30
years.
I think you got to go back to Maelstrom.
And there's only, how many rides you got there?
Three?
Three, yeah.
This is only the third of, yeah, yeah.
And former Maelstrom.
And yeah.
And the biggest scale one, as much as I love my narrow boat rides, I really do love my
narrow boat rides.
Yeah, sure.
But so it's exciting that they did this.
And also exciting that they were willing to do a big expensive ride of not one of their
biggest money makers ever.
Sure.
Like that's a hit movie and everything.
But you know, I don't like the world where they only will do a ride of something where
like the merch is through the roof.
And like this has to be a billion dollar generator.
But the theming was too good to pass up.
You have a whole area dedicated to France and specifically Paris, it feels like.
What's our most Parisian film?
It's that.
Yeah, yeah.
And the clone from France, because it was in France because of the movie taking place
there.
So it's like, well, you can't deny these two things.
Correct.
Save a little money, which always feels like they say they save a lot of money.
Then you go, well, it still costs $200 billion.
$200 billion.
Put on their scale.
OK, well, I guess they say original billion dollar.
Like guardians of the mission breakouts like, well, you know, it costs $300 million.
You're like, we could build a new ride, too, I guess.
Like, it doesn't seem like you save that much money.
Completely gutted it.
But what do I know?
I'm not I don't work there.
I'm just a caveman.
Yeah, I just like to go up and down on a ride.
Hear pop music.
Moments that anybody enjoys it that might even go to.
Yeah, but like particular moments that stick with anybody about the attraction.
I mean, I just like the pantry, the pantry.
That's what I was going to say from just watching a video, the pantry.
That feels like the big thing is for like your kid brain of like, I'm little.
This is what it's like to be little, which is fun.
Yeah.
Many great attractions have done that.
You get a big ham in this one.
You can order a big ham.
Delicious.
The load in and load out like the Parisian skyline and the
bill listing into the windows and stuff like I really, really love that.
Yeah.
You know, that was a being that I did it so long ago when I read somebody's review of it
and they called that out as like the when you're about to board that it's pretty magical
and like the soundscape of Parisian.
I think maybe I didn't take that in fully then.
So I'm excited for that in Epcot.
Another thing I forgot.
I don't know what the smells are.
There's smells in this.
Anybody know?
I'm not sure.
Actually, they don't stand out to me.
Can't really pinpoint.
So they wouldn't.
They're not in the great pit.
Do you have a favorite theme park smell?
Oh, yeah.
The oranges in Soarin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great.
Coming back soon.
Or it's in Epcot.
It's in Epcot right now.
Now.
I saw a massive line on Twitter or whatever.
X.
I what?
Look, there's people going crazy for the return.
Yeah.
So I'm very excited about it.
Yeah.
Do you care about that distinction, the Soarin California versus world?
I appreciate both for different reasons.
I do find, you know, specifically just talking about Paris, the Eiffel Tower in Soarin over
world always takes me out a little bit because unless you're dead center, it's a little bendy.
It's crazy.
Yes.
And I find that more in world.
Like they shot that first without taking into consideration the half bowl screen they're
going to be.
And California has far less of that.
Yeah.
Maybe Golden Gate a little bit.
Only that.
But not nearly as much.
Yeah.
They're insane.
Depending.
You can watch write-throughs and photos of that Eiffel Tower.
It's like, yikes.
Is it sick?
Completely.
Yeah.
This is the Salvador Dali Eiffel Tower.
I didn't know it could melt.
Yeah.
It should be.
Wait, that's a, just, you know, before we say a little more ratatouille stuff, are there
any, are there like big theme park stances that come to mind?
Did they, you know, any of the debates where you've got like a firm, you know, anything
like that, you know, the Haunted Mansion holiday goes too long or anything you're like, this
is something, this is a hill that I die on.
I'm not as much of a purist in terms of like, you know, like even this resurfacing of Splash,
I'm all for, I'm excited because it like makes sense and to have a thrilling princess ride
is like, you know, Frozen was the closest, you know, Frozen gets the close.
Sure.
And I feel like as a collector of things that matter to me, it's fun, you know, to collect
the things that are finite, right? So I like change over.
Oh sure, yeah, yeah.
I don't have a strong, like I'm not, so I don't have any like firm lines of like, don't do,
I could do without Captain Jack and pirates.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Yeah, yeah, maybe that's-
Yeah, that's not so controversial, but like, get it out of here.
And even like female red pirate.
The new one?
Yeah, like, I'm not,
I, great. I understand in yes and fine and great.
Do that, do a change.
But why the voice is so distracting, like she's so cheery, it's so like,
it's the run they want, you know, like I'm just like, a little great, like if,
girls can be pirates. I've always said that.
On record years ago, the search any podcast.
But like, make her the fiercest of all, you know what I mean? Like make her like-
Oh yeah, crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like, oh, you know, back off or I'll fire one in your gut, you know, like,
yeah, yeah.
Like that'd be dope.
Yeah.
Taking a pig hostage.
It feels so apologetic in it.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
That I kind of like-
It's a little too digital too, the Rosita bird, back by the Dole Whip.
Oh true.
It's all just a little too clean, like it needs some filters to make it sound like it was done on
analog or like, you know, a tired imagineer or like an aging character actor is like grinding this.
Chain smoking and they're like, get Cheryl to do it, you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah.
Iron Actress, get Cheryl to do it.
Hey, we love your voice, we love your take on the character.
Could you just drain this carton of Paul Moss and then do it?
We will give you hazard pets.
We recognize this is an insane request.
We will take care of your family after you are gone.
Yes.
Yeah, they need it.
You can run analog tape through things and add extra hiss and crackle,
but you can't really throw a hard drive down the stairs to get a safe path.
Just breaks it, doesn't add any nice qualities, no.
Yeah, that's true.
They could have a little more, yeah, at least, and like get some teeth out of there or something.
Yeah, dirt, she doesn't look dirtier up.
Yeah.
Like she's just like, there's a bunch of the almost hideous men with the craziest voices.
Hello there, I'm a beautiful woman pirate.
You're like, this isn't quite what you think it's doing.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
You're not making-
Inspiring a generation.
Your coworker is napping in the mud with pigs.
Yeah.
He's taking his Union 15.
Like-
Give me a dirty lady pirate in the mud with the other one.
Be pretty dope, yeah.
Yeah, and they're making out or something.
Yeah, yeah, but get rid of Captain Jack first.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, yeah, more animatronics.
Take all those guts.
We like an animatronic that moves that quickly.
Yeah.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Make them all new lady pirates.
Yes.
Make them all like disgusting lady pirates.
Holding jugs of neutral spirit.
Yeah, sure.
If that's what it has to be, yeah.
And they're doing like worse stuff than the men too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like they're doing really despicable things.
One giving a tattoo, you know what I mean?
With just like squitting.
And they're not licensed to do it.
Squitting can a dagger.
Yes, yes, somebody walks up just with a squid, puts it right in there.
Yeah.
Inks it live.
Let's see, what have we missed about like about the rat tattoo?
You get a fun champagne cork burst at the end that fires you backwards.
Some of the force pers- I like some of the perspective.
Like they do the falling through the ceiling.
Yeah, yeah.
And skittering under stuff.
And then, oh well, Linguini talks to you, sweeps you out of the way.
Yeah, sure.
That I think is done pretty well.
I do have a question or maybe a complaint.
This is one of these rides.
They end up in awkward territory sometimes where like the events of the film change the
universe and then you got to do the ride.
And this is one where it's like, when is this happening?
He has the restaurant, but Chef Skinner still works there.
Still around, yes.
And Linguini's in the kitchen.
He has it because it's the end of the movie that they're all out of there.
All our friends are out of Gusteau's.
Yeah, they're in Sacre Cure up by Montmartre or whatever.
They're in the hip part of the neighborhood.
Different district.
Yeah, yeah, wait.
Chez Remy is not above Gusteau's, is it?
No.
I haven't seen the end in a long time.
I'm pretty sure it's in the area called Montmartre, which is where Sacre Cure is up on the hill
and there's all the artists there and stuff.
Oh, is that it?
They did move to like a hip upstart restaurant?
Yeah, at the end of the movie, it's revealed and the restaurant closes down and the critic
is fired.
But then Remy and Tattoo and Linguini make a little bistro.
Ego invests on there.
Yeah, and Ego invests and he's very happy there.
I understand, having seen it enough times, like Gusteau's is sort of like Notre Dame
adjacent maybe, like east of Notre Dame, kind of closer to the river too, because he rides
his bike there to get rid of him.
And then at the end of the movie, the last shot of the sign, they're up on a hill.
So I feel fairly confident it's near Montmartre.
Is Gusteau's somehow more touristy?
Are they trying to convey that?
Maybe they franchised out or something.
Yeah, like a Bubba Gump at this point.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The film was a documentary that exists.
Within the world.
Right.
And now.
Y'all hear?
Branson's got a Gusteau's.
Yeah, right.
This is Silver Dollar City.
It's in Silver Dollar City.
Yeah.
Anyway, you know, logic complaint, but that stuff happens.
It's a weird thing when like, because I don't like in finding Nemo, the submarines,
that the same stuff just happens again.
Nemo is lost again.
Right.
But this happens in rides.
Most dark rides are just sort of telling you the same story.
Yes, I guess so.
For example, the Transformers ride is mostly doing the beats of the Spider-Man ride,
which was my big argument.
Oh, take that.
And at the end, Spider-Man says like, thanks guys, and takes your picture.
But he doesn't say it in an emotional way though.
No, but it's less intense.
Yes, right.
That's true.
And I have a more emotional connection to Spider-Man from my childhood.
Yeah, I do too.
But optimists in my adult years.
I connect with so much better.
And not from the films, from the ride.
From the ride, yeah.
I don't care about the movies.
Uh-huh.
I've seen the first movie once or twice and that's about it.
You connected with him at the end of the first time you wrote it,
so that at the start of the second time you wrote it, you're like, I love you now.
Yes, I love you now, yeah.
Beautiful.
Yeah, Spider-Man ride is great, and better than the Transformers ride, technically.
Technically.
But not emotionally.
But not emotionally.
I see, it's about emotion.
Wait, that's a question.
Emotional moments in theater.
It seems like your top ones happen.
You got to meet beyond the characters, the real Mark Hamill and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
Sure.
But are there still, who do you like 10-year-olds out about?
Or do you remember any time in your life like, I met this character and this was?
Oh, I mean, I'm a hardcore goofy fan.
Anytime I see Goofy in the parks, I'll go out of my way to take a photo.
Yeah, yeah.
I like when Goofy's kind of fancy in 1930s over in...
I do too, yeah.
...California Adventure, Newsy Caps.
It's a sharp out for the high-pips.
Yes.
Yeah, in terms of like, Mickey will always be Mickey.
I love Mickey.
My dad's a big Jiminy Cricket fan, loves Jiminy Cricket.
Oh, wow.
So there's like an emotional connection.
He's my Optimus Prime.
I see.
Yes.
He's emotional, yeah.
Yeah, but I will say like some of these, like seeing the new Captain America out there is freaking dope.
Oh, sure, yeah.
Sam, you know, is cool.
Is this the question that you asked?
I think so, yeah, yeah, sure, why not?
Because it started emotional and then it was like 10-year-old,
who am I excited to see is how I took it.
Yeah, I think so.
Who leaps past the construct?
I know what this is and yet this still is giving me the moment of yeah, yeah, yeah.
Any kid superhero stuff kills me just because it's like...
Yeah.
Yeah, superheroes feeling real was always my desire throughout childhood.
Yeah, yeah.
But I think goofy is the more succinct answer.
Goofy, I'm always like, oh man.
Taught me how to ski.
You try to put your pajamas on after.
Your legs spread so far apart.
There was no way you were going to get down the hill that far apart.
You thought you could golf.
I could use that.
That voice, I could use that in the park somewhere.
When skiing, it's important to remember.
Oh, I know.
I could use that voice in the park somewhere.
That would bring me happiness.
Has that ever been, I think there was some obscure Epcot thing in Wonders of Life that
was kind of structured like that.
Oh, the goofy.
Oh God, a ride of the goofy.
When ordering a corn dog from corn dog castle, you must decide what is best.
Do I have a meat or cheese focused corn dog?
Make your choice before you have reached the window.
It's always preferable.
That's got to be, you could put that in Toontown somewhere.
Yeah, that would be an easy thing.
Even if it's like a photo booth.
When selecting the picture to best capture your visage, please remember.
That'd be awesome.
Yeah, you can't really go in Goofy's house, right?
There's something in there.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe you wander about a little bit.
Yeah.
Like it's not like that old.
I don't know what Mickey's house.
What's the limit of Mickey's house now that Runaway Railway is there?
Mickey hasn't been shifted.
Mickey's house hasn't been shifted, I don't think, because it was always closer to the
gadget.
But they got rid of the whole long line to get to the meet and greet, I believe.
Because remember, you used to go from his house into the back.
Well, Minnie's house came first.
Minnie's was always closer to where Runaway Railroad is.
Town Hall is my memory, City Hall that they kind of shoved.
Yeah, I think so.
But I don't think any of these things are there.
His house is the same.
I just mean that you used to be able to walk through it and then you could walk through
the movie barn.
Yeah.
And that's all you think.
Is that still there?
I think that's all still there.
I think that's all still there.
Then I'm wishing you're correct.
Because again, it's more north and Minnie, they folded part of a gift shop, but they took
over a storage, like a sound stage behind it.
So I don't think that they took away anything that was in the footprint.
Really all I want to say is I want Goofy's house to be that long.
That was my guy too.
So yeah, that's true.
I want to see this silly guy's house.
Yeah.
Silly dog.
It's just a bounce.
It's like, hey, there's just a couple of rooms, like Goofy's bounce house.
It's not that bouncy because that's not safe.
Right.
And there's a lot more garden now since Toontown has reopened, which is nice.
AstroTurf.
Yeah.
But Donald's boat is certainly more, you can explore it much more.
Yeah.
Sure.
Yeah.
You're right about that, Narendra.
Just anywhere by default, where they need.
When using the urinal, try to not splash on the ground.
Yes.
So also more people might use the app, I would say.
If the app talked to you like that?
Yes, if that's the guide of the...
What about just having your ways do the voice?
Yeah.
Oh, that's good.
Lancashire.
Lancashire.
When turning onto Anaheim Boulevard, please veer to the right for downtown Disney.
Do not exit Disney Way, even though it has Disney in it.
That'll trip you up.
Harbor actually is the better.
Please close other apps using significant power.
Your phone is getting hot.
Are you using the Disneyland app right now?
Allow us to track all the time or only while using the app.
Don't you want to see ads tailored to you?
Can the Disney Company use your information?
Allow all cookies?
This is just a formality.
We already have it.
I was just being polite.
Scanned your eyes many times.
All right, well, any final thought?
We've been all over the map, but is there anything else to get out of it?
Really, of anything?
Kiss good nights to this ride, or anything you're looking forward to in near theme park future.
Was there merch from this ride or anything?
I don't know.
I'm sure there was.
I didn't seek that out.
You know what there was when it...
I don't know if they ever did it in Paris for the ride.
I assume that they would in Chez Remy or whatever,
but in World Showcase, they used to have in the French restaurant,
they had a really delicate little animatronic of Remy,
who they bring up to the table,
and he's surrounded by strawberries and cheese and what have you,
and you could hang out with him while you eat.
Like what they do with Grogu now kind of thing,
because they'll bring around...
What do they do with Grogu?
He's in a bag.
They're wandering through.
He's in a bag with New York.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think I'd see that.
He looks around and does a thing.
It's pretty cool.
Huh, huh.
Yeah.
Can you feed him?
Can you feed him anything?
Can you do anything for him?
You're doing those eggs?
Don't touch.
This is not the way.
Yeah, yeah.
In terms of merch that I'm excited about,
I've started collecting the 100 coin,
like the 100th anniversary, 100 years of Disney coins around Disneyland.
And you get them at different spots?
Yeah.
Not inexpensive for a vending machine collection,
but they do feel significant once you have them.
Right. Are there 100 of them?
It's like, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's like the updated pressed penny.
Yeah.
But I'm up to, if you can get four at every machine,
close to 30.
Oh, wow.
I like that.
That's pretty good.
I like them.
I like this feel good.
You pick the design or they're randomized?
There's like four options.
Yeah, they're random.
Oh, four options.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can do one or all.
In terms of Ratatouille, Kiska, some more Anton Ego,
because you started with him and his sort of soliloquy at the end of that movie is like,
I always get very emotional about it.
That's another Optimist Prime moment for me of understanding that creation and making art,
no matter the quality, has more value than anything.
Tearing it down is one of the best written monologues, I think, in any movie,
but certainly any Disney movie.
Geez, yeah.
I gotta re-watch that.
So you should hear that monologue or a monologue equivalent to it.
You should just sit in a room in front of a squaw, he says that to you.
Yes.
And then says he's proud of you.
Yes.
About like, but instead of creating art, it's about waiting in line for a long time.
Then ultimately the payoff is worth it.
Yeah, tailor it to a theme park experience.
Just use the AI voice.
Use his voice.
Yeah, yeah, take Peter O'Toole's voice.
We're all in favor of that.
Yeah, yeah, don't pay his family any money.
No, no, no.
You've got something important to do here.
And I do thank you on behalf of Mike for calling that an Optimist Prime moment.
Yeah, thank you.
For using the parlance.
I appreciate that.
Intimacy equals Optimist Prime.
Yes.
Well, I feel like we made it.
I think we can say, Tarrant Killam, you survived podcast The Ride.
What a thrill.
So happy to get to do this.
And thank you for filling us in on your whole emotional journey from Galaxy's Edge
into Club 33 and into an ever growing coin collection.
Yes.
Knowing that strikes are going on, at least as we record this, I don't know.
We haven't checked.
Yeah, we all gotta check our phones.
And then later this episode, like they thought it was going to end that day.
It went another two years after this episode.
Anyways, nonetheless, let's exit through the gift shop.
Is there anything you'd like to plug?
No, no.
Solidarity, Union Strong.
I've been a fan.
Kyle Mooney told me about this podcast, I think, at this point, like five or six years ago.
Oh, wow.
And so I've been listening for a long time.
Oh, gee.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
I'd be here with you all.
We're so happy to have you.
Yeah, same thing.
I've heard you're a big fan of this stuff and I knew it would be super fun to talk to you.
So thrilled you could make the time.
So thank you, Kyle, for setting it up.
And also then the Twitter user who nudged it, who is Reggie's Reggie Woogity Woogity.
Wow.
Who also says abolish ICE in their bio.
OK.
All right, so that's good.
And then getting Taron on the show, also good.
So thank you.
Thank you for that.
As for us, you can find us on the socials at podcast, the ride merchant, our T public store
for three bonus episodes every month.
Check out podcast, the ride, the second gate or get one more bonus episode on our VIP tier club
three.
That is our club.
You will find all of that at Patreon dot com slash podcast, the ride.
And I guess a kiss good night to the house on farewell.
Yeah, we fire it in the space and we it implodes, I guess they load it with explosives.
Together.
Oh, yeah, what is one?
Is that the thing?
That's the thing.
Wow.
From from Jorgun Mel himself.
Yes.
Wow.
All right.
Jorgun says bye.
This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,
Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts dot com
and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram
at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
