Forever!
Dog!
Warning!
The following podcast has very little CGI, which is kind of what makes it charming?
It may contain hypothetical buttons with earth-shattering consequences, fierce debate over golfer identities,
and little sailor suits.
Okay, let's review, no CGI buttons, golfer, sailor suits, anything else?
Oh yeah, have a nice flight.
It's Soarin' Over California on Podcast the Ride.
Welcome to Podcast the Ride, the only podcast that releases special scents to complement
each host's introduction.
So get your phone nice and close to your face if you really want to get them.
You might be at this point sensing a full-bodied chardonnay with hints of apple and pear and
a buttery finish.
That'd be me, Scott Gardner.
Hello, hope that's a nice one for you.
That's kind of dissipating and now we're getting, what is this?
Oh, you know what it smells like is a six-course family-style dinner with roasted meats, mashed
potatoes and gravy and fresh baked rolls.
That's the preferred meal of a solo adult man on his way to the airport, Mike Carlson.
Hi, I'm here and you're forgetting, of course, the special ingredient to that scent, perspiration,
because the meal has to be finished fast.
So that is the secret ingredient to that delicious scent everyone is smelling right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, assuming you're hearing this early, towards the end of the day, maybe some of
the, you know, it's dripped away and you're not getting that full perspiration, but you
know, you get a crisp in the morning and you're getting the scent.
Oh, and this one, god, this one's a little hard to place, but now I'm getting, oh, and
I think I know it.
I think it's big old blunt.
That's Jason Sheridan.
I was wondering if it was going to be that or like Nathan's hot dog on a flat top grill.
Oh, that's not a bad one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hot dog water.
Hot dog water.
Hot dog water and chocolate, chocolate starfish.
That'd be good for the spray effect is getting hit with some hot dog water.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we hope you enjoy that because that's we think it's the scents that really make
this podcast a great podcast.
And here we are back from a little break on the main feed and we're coming back with
a big ride.
Who says we don't do big rides on this show?
Damn it.
Whoever said that is a fool and a liar.
And we're and we're we have it out for you now.
We're doing a big ride.
How's it feel?
Yeah, I'm mad at you.
Everyone is listening for saying things about me and this podcast.
Yeah.
So but but you're going to enjoy this.
But just know I'm mad.
I'm you can hear it in my voice for you to enjoy for us to be upset, but to be angry
for making us stick to the premise of our own podcast.
No, it does.
It does feel good.
It feels good to be doing like a back to basics, a big blockbuster one.
But it's also we're doing it like we do it in twenty twenty three with some divisions.
Of course.
Yes.
There have to be which I think is it's in everyone's best interest because it creates
more episodes.
I mean, and that's the better way to do it.
Like, could we do a single five hour about all Soren possibly?
Yeah.
But the voices go at a certain point and our children cry for us.
Yeah.
So so we'll break it up.
And but you know what?
I also think I think we don't have to be so so crazed about the last thing we need here
is another haunted mansion style fiasco.
Right.
So let's just why don't we just we'll talk for 90 minutes to two hours.
We'll see.
It'll be roughly Soren over California.
This is how we've presented the title.
Right.
We don't get through all.
So maybe some California drips into drips into world or fantastic flight or whatever
you want to call flight the other ones.
Yeah.
Did you get to do it?
No, that was not happening.
No, no.
OK.
But oh my goodness, that Q.
Yeah.
Boy.
Yes.
That looks good.
What does it I don't know.
I don't want to start off underselling what we have here in California and what we chose.
But is it somehow better to you than photos of old aviators?
Oh, like, that's the North of Fairfield.
Like a museum on a budget.
You mean?
Yeah.
Perhaps.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, severe budget, I should say.
Not like an original character, Camelia Falco.
Is that her name?
Yeah, that is.
It's close, at least if it's close.
The right name.
It is.
It's close.
But does she keep her urine in jars like Howard Hughes?
I don't think so.
But do you but have you been in the queue?
Do you know?
Do they address if Camelia Falco, who's in C, the Society of Explorers and Adventures?
Maybe they do say she keeps her pee in a jar.
I don't know.
I mean, I sincerely doubt it.
They got those crazy futuristic toilets in Japan.
So they do now, but she's from the past.
She's from the past.
I can only assume she would have like some steampunk really gigs sort of contraption.
Steampunk toilet?
Steampunk toilet?
Yeah.
So you pee in there and the steam shoots out and it powers another part of your plane,
maybe.
Yellow steam.
Then your plane is powered by your own yellow steam.
That's the process that Camelia Falco invented.
But we have an original character in this.
That's true.
We do.
Flight attendant Patrick.
And it is a legit popular, very popular character.
I'd say so.
One of the most beloved original theme park characters.
Does he play on a simple television set and not an eye popping holographic effect or not
hologram?
That's not the word.
I wouldn't think.
I don't know what it is.
That's how eye popping the effect is.
But you know, we're not here to be jealous of and chase after a ride that isn't close
to us.
Whenever we get to world.
But let's just, you know what?
This will be, we'll try to get through California.
And if some world creeps in, then it does.
And if some California creeps into the other, because it's all one thing.
Ultimately.
Yeah, the ride itself isn't really that different.
No.
And thank God, because I think when there was a redo, there were some basics that you
don't want to lose.
I didn't want, I wasn't ready to lose chief flight attendant Patrick.
Right.
I wasn't ready to lose the score or at least the basis.
Yeah.
Of the score.
So it feels like they know what this franchise is.
What are the things that make the franchise the franchise?
the score with a red hot chili peppers track just to see what it would be like, but they
didn't do it.
And I don't think that's going to happen now.
Well, they got, they got letters about, I'm sorry.
Well, they got one letter about it.
Uh, signed Michael Carlson.
Yeah.
Um, I guess the one letter wasn't enough.
I, I, I synced up, uh, three different tracks from red hot chili pepper stadium,
Arcadium, just to show them what it would be like and close that in a hard drive that
I sent in a letter.
The bomb squad immediately blew it up in a controlled explosion.
They knew what it was too.
They didn't think it was a bomb.
That's why they knew what it was.
Sir, I'm not seeing any actual bomb capability.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's not what this is about.
Blow it.
It's a different kind of mission.
Yeah.
We're sound guarding guys.
They destroy it.
Yeah.
So yeah, they kept the core stuff that we like.
Um, and it's core stuff.
I will say I like a lot.
I'm a big soaring person.
I don't know.
This it'll keep it interesting.
If this is like a debate episode, I don't know if you guys are not as hot on Soren,
but I'm pretty hot on Soren.
Uh, this is a good question because I am hot for Soren, but as far as you soren
is an e-ticket I would say, right?
I don't think you'll find any debate in that respect about e-ticket.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But as far as the tickets, I do feel like maybe it's the one I go to the least.
Sure.
Of all of them.
And I was trying to analyze why that must, why that might be.
Um, so, so I don't want to say, I feel a little bit wrong saying I'm so hot for
Soren when it's not something that I go to every time I'm there, I don't make a
point to try and do it every time.
I don't know if I do either.
I think it's one where you gotta, you gotta watch that line pretty hard.
Oh, you got it.
And this is a struggle.
I think it's had the whole time.
I think in the early days in California where it was the only good thing to do
in California adventure, that wait time is getting way up there inordinately up
there and it's not the, it is not the most interesting line.
No.
There's things that I love in the line, but you know how it, there's, it's a
line where you might get stuck in the same spot for a good stretch of time.
And the spot might be a little bit claustrophobic.
Yeah.
Not as opposed to, I would essentially wait any amount of time for a
radio Springs racers, especially in single rider, which moves pretty, because
it's just a nice place to be.
This is one of the e-tickets where I might say the line is not necessary to do
ones.
Wow.
Wow.
Because you're not, what are you missing?
Wow.
Right.
I can't believe my ears.
I've done it.
So there's one I'm saying I've out of all of the like e-tickets because like,
yeah, what are you missing?
You're missing like the theme from Apollo 13 played for a couple of minutes.
Some of them aren't even like about like American president or something.
Yeah, I think so.
Just generally stirring music you get to hear that wasn't all made for this.
I think I saw Dragon Heart.
I think there's one song at Dragon Heart that is played at most theme parks.
Yeah.
In my experience, a number of miniature golf courses.
Because it's just, it's very starry.
You've been at multiple miniature golf courses that play a Dragon Heart theme.
I, I, well, there's two next to each other.
Um, wait, I'm, that's
doesn't count next to each other.
Which one?
I want to hear across the country.
No, I'm thinking of the one at Ocean City.
Maybe Castle Park played it at some point.
That sounds like an emotional round of golf.
It is cause they do like the pirates of the Caribbean.
Cause there's a pirates themed golf course.
And then it's just a lot of movie, orchestral themes.
And it is emotional.
Cause then you're thinking about everything Johnny's been through.
The way he's been running through the whole.
Yeah.
Fairly.
And, uh, and you're remembering the cologne you're currently wearing.
The Dior cologne.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you start crying for Johnny and then the tears kind of mix up with the cologne.
That's all over your body and face.
Your chains, the wallet chains, the five wallet chains you have on.
As you walk, those like whip around and that smacks the cologne.
That's soaking it all over you.
Don't get one of those tangled in a putter.
You're going to be there all day.
I'm tangling that bad boy.
Whoops.
Whoa.
You fall into the lake.
Wow.
So Dragon hearted a miniature golf course.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Okay.
Um, well, yeah, no, I, I, I hear you.
Cause you get putty still.
You still get.
Patrick.
Uh huh.
Well, is this one of those situations where I, you know, if you could just get put
there, then you, which I can't imagine how you get in the ride without having to
watch Patrick.
Yeah.
Uh, so I, I don't know.
I might skit.
It's a skipper.
It might be a, you don't have to do it.
I only ever have to do it.
Wow.
It's, it's validating for me.
And then you would do there are any examples of this.
I don't think that's soaring in fantastic flight though.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
No, that thing was a man.
It was extremely worth doing.
Yeah.
Disney world.
I was, I did it a couple of years ago and we had like extended hours.
So we walked through the queue and like walked right on and it's mostly just
glowing blue walkways.
Yes.
Now.
Yeah.
If I'm not saying the queue is good in Disney world, cause I really have only
done it once or twice, but at the very least you're walking in an old Epcot
building.
Yeah.
You're walking in an old Epcot building and I think those glowing blue walls
kind of add to the vibe.
Like the vibes on this ride are very good on the ride itself.
Yeah.
Extremely.
That's probably maybe the big selling point.
I think the big selling point.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
So there's like, there's like a sleek simplicity, I think to the Epcot version.
Yeah.
Well, this is, you know, maybe like debating the queues can be part of, I figure
that we can sort of save debate until we've heard both sides.
We've heard the plaintiff and the defendant.
Right, right, right.
Not to define which one is which in this, but let's, well, you know, we hear all
sides and then in closing arguments and number two, we can talk about, maybe you
score some points for a better queue.
Sure.
Well, I will, well, can I say this about the queue?
Go ahead.
Um, I, the outside is pretty brutal.
Um, it's just kind of nuts.
The outside line, the outside line.
I like the outside of it.
I like, oh, I like the exterior.
Don't get me wrong, but the switchbacks are just kind of nothing.
That's why I don't always do it.
I think you don't want to get caught in switchback land.
I like the old aviators, the old planes and the old aviators and stuff, but it is
kind of like on a slant downwards.
And so it's a little awkward to like comfortable.
You're like shifting your weight a lot.
I might not be very close to those pictures either.
Yeah.
And you're not very close.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So in the music, the museum aspect of it, yeah, it does feel like a museum.
That's maybe going under maybe selling off bits and pieces.
Underfunded museum.
There's one room open and they just took some pictures and threw the blurbs under
because they had to sell all of the actual artifacts.
Yeah.
Times you think they would've gotten an influx of, of support when it switched
from condor or flats to grizzly peak.
Nope.
This museum still going on.
Yeah.
The city didn't help the county.
Grizzly peak airfield for the completeness.
Grizzly peak airfield is not any condor flats anymore.
No.
Now.
Okay.
Uh, we're in the weeds.
The weeds are good.
We should be in the weeds.
Okay.
We'll get out of this.
A mildly accessible episode for two minutes.
All right.
Well, this is the ultimate ride.
I think where you know that like, uh, you know, that this ride is a hit with, with
regular folks, a great, a big ride, a great ride for people who don't go to
theme parks all the time.
And you know that a lot of people who don't, uh, you know, stay there mentally
and make this their whole lives, they go back home, they describe it to their
friends and they say it's, you know, what I really liked was the hang gliding ride.
And that's basically, that's the sum total of what we're talking about.
This is essentially the hang gliding ride, a simulated trip through the air
where you get to kick your feet and it's fully immersive and you see beautiful
sights today, more often you will see sites of the world.
You will see the real Matterhorn and the Eiffel tower, depending on where you are.
Uh, but as it started, it was sites of California and it was really the ride
that tied California adventure together.
Um, that's one way to put it.
That's the positive way to put it.
The negative way might be the only good ride that California adventure.
Saving grace of the whole park.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Might not be around were it not for someone.
Yeah.
And it is like, like you said, it kind of saving grace of California adventure.
And when you look at all the different notable places and scenery, mountains
and the beach and, uh, kayaking through the redwood, it's like, Oh yeah.
California is pretty terrific.
Huh?
Like pretty cool stuff here.
Huh?
It's almost, it, it makes you say the thing that the entire park
was supposed to make you say.
But even, but then it got, it gets muddied by it's cause it's
some of the same things, right?
It's like, ah, the beautiful redwoods.
But then there's like a, there's a big like statue of a goofy bear and there,
you know, like, uh, uh, and there's like, yeah, there's water, but then it's
all like purposefully chintzy carnival rides and a big orange and like, I think
what I think it was probably supposed to be grandeur in California adventure.
And I think there is today to some extent, but when it opened, I think the only,
the only bit of like true magic and awe that you're getting out of that park is
all in this ride.
Yeah.
I, I definitely a place making upgrade, uh, in the area when, when it went to
Grizzly peak airfield, cause I feel like craftsman style, the American arts and
crafts movement always in fashion, like mid century modern always looks good.
Always tasteful, very pleasant.
You know, I like that tint.
I like that green that the building greens and browns.
And then the kind of mustard yellow.
Uh, it was the color of Conan O'Brien's original set before.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've got a must, a mustardy set, uh, made a little more pleasing by like 95.
This whole section of the park was very X games.
Yeah.
Take feud.
The X games pretty quickly losing Steve around this time.
I think too.
Yeah.
Um, the fonts had worn out their welcome.
Yeah.
Um, I think let's, let's say something towards the top here to, to quote, uh,
one of the great quotes in the show ever by a guest, Matt Appadaka, who said,
uh, this is a ride that moms love.
It's the Josh Groban of rides.
Um, a great quote, a quote that bears repeating and that really, that really
says it, I think that that it's that it's a, it, that makes it, I mean, sure.
That makes it sound lame, perhaps.
Sure.
Unless you're a big Groban head.
Uh, but I think it's like, um, it, the fact that it is this, like, that is this
relaxing ride and it's a ride that your mom can go on and your mom will love.
And pretty little kids can go on it.
Uh, I don't know what, what age you start being, uh, height eligible or, uh, but
like it is, it's, it's a rare ride that has big impressive, huge technology that
leaves you pretty astonished that this can even be done, but that isn't
scary or too thrilling.
Yes.
Yeah.
So it's a little exciting.
Uh huh.
You know, there's wind, you're kind of being moved around a little.
There's giant screen that you, if you sit in the right place, you
don't even see the edges.
It's the gentlest of all the e-tickets in a way, perhaps.
Are any other e-tickets gentle?
Are any other e-tickets gentle?
It depends on, I mean, literally the e-ticket.
System.
Um, uh, when it was in the park, I think by that, like it's a small world might
have been an e-ticket, but we kind of now define it as like the big blockbuster.
And those are usually kind of action oriented and credit coaster guardians.
That's interesting to a recap space mountain, um, big Thunder
radiator Springs, which is gentle.
But then you get fast and you get mild drops.
I don't know.
Is big Thunder a knee ticket anymore?
I almost think that's a step step.
All right.
That's a sad splash was any tickets.
That feels like, like downgrading Pluto.
It's a bummer.
I think it might not be.
I love it.
Yeah.
Do you think haunted mansion and pirates are e-tickets?
Just do do.
I don't think they are anymore.
Anymore.
I think they are.
I think you define it as, um, scope and scale and entertainment value.
And that makes it, um, like, like sheer volume of stuff.
I don't think I'm not going to give it to them.
Like, I'm not going to give it to them.
Wow.
Wow.
Roger Rabin.
No, no way.
Okay.
Fine.
We're all in agreement on that.
So it's pretty gentle.
Oh, it's star tours, but not Millennium Falcon.
Money, not an e-ticket, even though technology is crazy.
Impressive rise of the resistance.
Definitely.
Pushing to, I guess the next would be F, but you know what?
Uh, that's a strange way to put it.
Yeah, that's a strange way.
Maybe it breaks your system.
You skip it.
Like the, uh, you skip it like the 13th floor and you go to G, you go to G ticket,
which is, which is transformers, the ride only at end of story.
Well, I would, well, I, I like to call it an e-ticket for emotional ticket ticket
for your heart.
Yeah.
H ticket heart ticket.
Um, here's another big thing generally about this ride and any iteration of this
ride, um, it is a, it's non IP.
It is non IP and like a big popular ride that is non IP, but then also it's not
original IP, which is something we're starting to depart from the idea that
this will even happen again.
Cause what we, you know, you're like, I don't want it to just be characters from
the movies and Marvel P, you know, I want to, I want it to, that there's somebody
like shows up and like, I'm professor hog bottom and I'm here to, you know what I
like, you picture that with original theme park IP, which would be great.
That's what we want, but I don't think we're getting it so much.
So this is like a way it's, it's, it is neither, uh, it's just not IP at all.
It's not existing IP and it's not original theme park IP.
It's about vibes to go back to what it is.
Yes.
It's about vibes and it's got the, like the closest thing I was thinking about
this too is, and does this play into like, it doesn't have a ton of personality or
personalities other than Patrick.
Yeah.
The ride itself was very straightforward in a lot of ways versus a lot of the
other rides or almost all of the other rides.
It's kind of rare.
Okay.
We said, you know, we're talking about original characters and yes, there is
Patrick and you could do a toy of Patrick.
You could do a, you could do a Funko pop star.
It was a vinyl nation of him maybe, but not a park star.
Okay.
Oh, that's good.
I should get that.
I could be wrong.
Um, but, but you know, you would still have to squint at that.
What is that?
That's not, that's not.
Figment or, uh, I don't know.
Um, the, what else is a binder?
Uh, yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Mainly those, uh, Leonardo Columbus.
You don't come out of it.
Yes.
Thinking of like the great iconic character like Leonardo Columbus.
Um, but it shows you that's okay.
I, you know, it's, it feels like in that sense, like the updated version of.
Maybe original, you know, people probably went to Disneyland in the early days and
we're just, we're wowed by, uh, mine train through nature's wonderland.
Yeah.
Or just, or being on the canoes of the Mark Twain, uh, uh, that, you know, you
start to think rides are where you meet a character and he gives you a mission or
whatever, uh, but this isn't that.
And, um, it, it proves that that works.
Yeah.
And it's definitely like, it's, it's in the tradition of like dream flight or
even like circle vision or all these different things that were presented much
more straightforward versus having professor hog bottom show up and dust his
coat off or low caught me at a bad time.
We're flushing them out and he's
going to have to flesh out for his.
But I think he's like, I think he's debuting a new contraption.
And of course your help.
Yeah.
If I had to guess what's going on with hog bottom, I don't want to push too far.
Feel like something's maybe gonna go not quite right with that contraption.
Okay.
Hog bottom hasn't dotted all the eyes and crossed all the T's maybe is a little
eccentric.
We're either going to be chasing that contraption or we're going to be on
the contraption and he's going to be chasing us to try and stop it.
Yeah, I think that's right.
Oh boy.
Well, I hope, uh, I hope he's up for the task and mainly I hope I'm up for the
task.
So let's, let's talk some history, how this thing ends up in the park, uh, kind
of an elongated history to it, seemingly a history predating California adventure.
It seems like they were maybe talking about this for Disneyland proper.
I don't know where or for what purpose, but you can, you can catch the original
working title ultra flight.
That's the coolest.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
But it's better, but it doesn't, it's not better for the ride that they made.
No, cause soren is by the way, wait, is it okay.
And some there's definitely sore.
Is it always soren apostrophe?
Is it always kind of that relaxed?
Oh, I know.
Slangy.
You mean on each?
No, in other countries it's got the G.
I see.
I see.
But here in, but okay, but it is soren over California.
It's soren.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, in Florida and California, it's soren around the world.
Okay.
What that kind of casual chill.
Yeah.
That tells you what you're in for.
That's the right title for this.
Ultra flight is a cooler ride.
Ultra flight.
Yes.
Is probably way more futuristic and kind of gets psychedelic or rainbow road.
I would love to go on ultra flight.
Ultra flight is not relaxing.
I don't want that to be.
Well, it depends.
It could be relaxing in that like, like vapor wave or whatever the way.
Sure.
It could be relaxing until something goes wrong.
Yeah.
Well, it could be that too.
Professor Hogbottom didn't calibrate the instruments correctly.
Does he fit?
Is that to tomorrow land of a title and is professor Hogbottom to
Frontier land of a character?
Or do we think this could all tie together?
I mean, dream finders in the future world.
So, uh, could be.
There's discovery Bay and there is, you know, sort of the more Jules Verne
tomorrow land in Paris.
It could be a more, this could be a more steampunky premise.
Yes.
Correct.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Ultra flight to me.
I don't know.
It feels like in the, whatever the Tronified tomorrow land.
It's like, are you pictures like kind of an out run, like you're, you're
traveling over a grid and the way those grids have like the, uh, like the
mountains way in the distance.
Uh, you know what I'm talking about?
That kind of like, yeah, maybe almost to me, it feels like going, if you've ever
seen, there's these great like long mega mixes and it'll be like Japanese city
pop or something on YouTube and they've got such like a cool, like anime
background that like loops.
Yeah.
And it's just kind of this, like, you got to get like hypnotized by it.
It's some version of that.
I think I buy your premise that ultra flight is the first city pop ride.
Oh my God.
I'm willing to come in and if hog bottom fits in this, he does, he
does it, but, uh, I don't think Disney, Hey, if they never built it, I don't
think they can lock that title down.
That's true.
It's going to be up for grabs at some point.
It's true.
Yeah.
Let's keep ultra flight in mind.
If for blue sky, I was kind of imagining if we're thinking about when, like
the late nineties, it seemed like they're working on ultra flight.
I'm thinking of in hackers when they're zooming through the internet, like
the internet is like fake computer cities.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
That's also, I now know from just watching it for some reason, that's
also the beginning of you've got mail.
So, yeah.
If you want a good sense of what ultra flight would be like, it's a digitized
kind of a circuit version of New York city, man.
Yeah, that's cool.
The ultimate cyberpunk movie.
You've got mail.
So subversive.
Yeah.
And they introduced the ride.
Hi, I'm Kathy.
And I'm James Fox.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Uh, I just watched it and I don't remember.
That's very pleasant vibes based movie.
Yeah.
It hooked us.
We, we put it on like, let's put it on cause it's stupid.
And then by the end, it's like, God, I hope they get together.
Okay.
I hope when she figures out it's him, she's not mad.
We were pretty shocked.
I've actually never seen it.
Uh, check it, check it out.
It's on Max.
It's your home for something dumb and I'll hate it.
Easy ultra flight.
Easy.
I only like cool shit.
Watch it with Lindsay to make fun of it.
Not cause it'll bring you together as a couple.
Yeah.
Good.
Good advice.
Um, but so the ride here, it's, I think this is one of these, like we haven't
had an idea for a ride and we want to simulate hang gliding, but now let's get
into logistics and the logistics we're getting them down.
How does this work?
It seems like there was, um, they, they talked about how they wanted it to be a
dry cleaning type mechanism, uh, of, you know, like the big belts that, uh, your
clothes go on and that that's still tough for me to picture, but that's somehow
like big chains kind of like swing you out and then you're invalid.
But imagine with that, that it's more like Simpson's ride back to the future.
Yeah.
Three levels.
And we've all been in irritating delays on that.
That ride takes either iteration of that ride takes forever to take off.
And then you're staffing every level of, uh, of that ride and it's a very slow load.
So that was, I think getting them down logistically, uh, how do we possibly like,
you know, the boring stuff got in the way.
So it got kind of sidelined until an Imagineer rose to the occasion and did
something that will be a story in every Disney special that goes behind the
scenes from now on their five timer.
This is a now a Disney special five timer, but I celebrate it and I will look
forward to watching it every time.
Uh, I will always watch when the little demonstration is done.
Does anybody else want to explain this or should I?
Do you have his name?
Mark Sumner.
Mark Sumner.
Yeah.
Huh?
Reclaiming the name Sumner for good away from the clutches of, uh, weird,
weird old foot robe fetishes.
Elderly pervert from now on when you hear the name Sumner.
Oh no, please explain the erector set story.
If we get him started on Sumner, we're never getting out of here.
Erector set.
It gives me the machinery that makes it.
I own erector set at all times.
Dr.
Hawk washes to trash has been taken over by the ghost of Sumner redstone.
I'm an engineer has worked for 10 years to make mine work again.
And they finally figured it out.
Thank you, Mark.
So nervous.
The hardest job they ever did.
They started with a dry cleaning mechanism, but it didn't work.
Just irritated down there.
They almost had to chop it off and start over.
Okay.
Now we've said horrible things.
What's the, the actually nice story from Mark Sumner?
Because he's thinking about it.
He's like, there must be a way.
There's gotta be a simpler way.
Like he's kind of feeling it, seeing how we can make this mechanism work.
But then he's got a, he goes home.
He goes into the attic.
Should I just do it?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Well, he finds an erector set.
He starts tinkering.
I love this story is about imagineers tinkering.
Like this, the story about Tony Baxter trying to get hired there.
And they're like, yeah, yeah, we see dark ride presentations all the time.
Then he takes them down to trunk of his car and he's got like a whirly
bird, like a Rube Goldberg kind of device.
And they're all like, Oh, everyone come out here.
Like, didn't you make a whole Mary Poppins ride?
Well, that was just drawn.
I believe.
Yeah.
That's a video online of that, which is good.
Looks cool.
Which I think that didn't get him that got him on people's radar, but I
don't think that got him the job.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
But this, this sort of like the way it's described, it reminds me of the
like rolly crump tower, the form winds where it's just like a lot of moving
practical moving parts.
Sure.
Sure.
So that's another tinkering story.
And this is what the erector, he built sort of like a proof of concept with an
erector set of like, what if we, we load people in these rows and then we rise
them all, raise them all up where they are all on one level, but then one big
arm swings out, but they're all on like different, I will be out of my depths
as soon as I try to say anything.
Even though I think they all dangle down from there.
They like, they, the, each row like fans out.
Essentially it, it goes from like facing a flat on the ground and it goes 90
degrees up.
So they're all stacked and then swings back down.
It's like a mall.
It's like a, it's like a shoe caddy when it's on the floor and then you pull it
up and all the caddy little things open up so you can put shoes in it.
Sure.
That's the way I like to think of it.
I don't have one of those and I need a refresher of what a shoe caddy is.
Jason, you know what I'm talking about?
I know what it is.
I don't think you're making it up, but I just haven't had one.
Just kind of a kick them under the bed or under a chair kind of guy myself.
How many pairs do you have?
I have like eight or 10 pairs of shoes.
Okay.
You need a caddy.
Yeah.
I need a caddy.
Well, I'm moving.
Maybe I get myself a caddy.
Or somebody can get it for you for a present.
Oh, I guess I'm getting a caddy.
It feels like you're volunteer.
If you're the one saying you need a cat, it seems like now you have to.
Maybe you're, we could start a GoFundMe for his shoe caddy.
Amazon wishlist for Jason.
Oh man.
No times are tough.
No, the economy's not great in inflation, but there is a guy he, uh,
has he not entertained you for, for years now?
Have podcasters started posting their Amazon wishlist.
And it's all yours is all just shoe caddies.
It's all different shoe caddies.
Well, I got to try them all and then I'm going to return the ones that don't work.
Either you have store return.
It's, it is convenient.
Yeah, of course it is.
Um, uh, then you'll need a caddy for shoe caddies.
A shoe caddy caddy.
Oh yeah.
We're getting real into the bag hutch.
Tori.
Oh yeah.
Um, but yeah, basically with this invention, and it is such a revelation when you see
it in a special the first time it's crazy to see up like a mechanism that you know,
and that you're impressed by every time you go on and then to see that this rusty
old or these erector set pieces perfectly replicated.
I'd freak if I saw the erector set in person.
I don't know if he just keeps it.
Uh, yeah, cause it seems like he seems like he has to keep it so he can bring it
out for specials every now and again.
But if he ever decides to donate it or don't sell it, don't sell it.
It belongs in a museum, a better museum than the one in the line.
It should be in the line.
I guess so.
They should make a little, I mean, I guess there's no physical.
Um, it's like a great of flights.
Yeah.
And they can make a, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They should do that.
Yeah.
Um, well, good idea.
Do it.
Disney take that one for free.
Um, but yeah, it's, um, it's, it's so cool and a genius and it helped him load quicker.
And it really that, you know, that what that leads to is that you're, you get in
there the first time, especially you get in and you're confused about what exactly
you're in for it.
Cause maybe you can't see the size of that screen yet.
It's just kind of that gentle blue, which that's a thing I really love.
I like, I like that room before anything happens.
There's just kind of, you know, it's not a full score, but it's just kind of this,
like, uh, this hum, this drone that's a little exciting and the anticipations
building and the specific blue, I think is very relaxing.
And then those lights on the floor and you can always feel that there is, I
think every time that you're in there that aren't, that aren't new people who
haven't done it before.
So you could feel that you could feel everybody going, is this going to be a
scary one or what is this?
Um, it's always, it's exciting.
The pre-launch is very exciting.
The big blue circle, uh, very much feels like a sci-fi thing.
Like we're about to transport somewhere to me.
That's like a star gate or something.
Um, but it is, like there's a hum in there.
It's like, just a little hum that gives you a little mood, but it's not, I guess
it, it does, it's not sinister, but it could, that's the closest the ride is to
making you feel nervous.
I think it's that.
It's ominously neutral because it would fit a ride that gets scarier.
Right.
And you kind of assume that like, I know how these things go.
This is going to be, it's going to do something I don't expect.
And that's going to be scary.
Right.
And then it subverts the expectation.
well, is it only going to build from here?
But in fact, that's kind of the only mildly nerve wracking thing that happens.
Yes.
Yes.
It's, uh, it's, I wish we've, I've, I've been on these things hundreds of times.
I don't know.
I don't think I've been on soren a hundred times, but I probably been on soren
like 50 times, 40 to 40 times.
Right.
I'll tell you what I wrote it a lot.
I'd say like 10, 15, 10, 15 years ago or so at this point, I think when they were
really redoing a lot of California adventure and I think soren it would have
long waits, but especially in the fast past days, it does eat up like 87 people
at a time.
Yeah.
Sure.
Is that, are you saying that's a lot or are you?
No, no.
I, yeah, I'm saying that's a lot.
Each theater holds 87 people.
Yeah, it does.
And there's two theaters, I believe.
Yeah.
Cause there's two.
Yeah.
I was going to say though, this ride backs up a lot.
Yep.
And like, even though it seems to eat a bunch of people at once, I cannot
count the amount of times I'm just stuck in that hallway back there waiting.
You're not wrong, but when the whole park was a construction site, it was one of
the few things that was like untouched.
Saved it then too.
It's been the savior of this park twice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, but I just wish I could remember like the first time I ever went on it.
Cause now it's become, I've become so comfortable on it.
I'm so comfortable on it.
I even like lean forward in the belt, which is not something.
Cause you know, me and the legs dangling, this is the most comfortable legs dangling
ride.
I have no fear on this ride with as far as my legs dangling.
I had this question cause we can keep doing it in order and history and
that kind of thing.
But in terms of our just basic experience stuff, what are you doing with your
legs on these rides?
What do you, do you have any like, I know I'm going to be on that thing and am I,
am I going to kick back and forth?
Am I going to stretch out?
Uh, or do you just sit normally?
I can tell you what I do.
And this is going to seem like I'm the daredevil of the group and maybe I'm,
but maybe I'm not, maybe everybody does.
Wow.
A new itemizer being what I do.
Here's what I do.
I, I'll obviously the first row is the best.
And the hot tip is you ask the person if you could go in the front row and they'll
generally hold you for a second.
If you've ever done this,
um, hold you closer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was going to ask, yes.
Hold you tight.
Long hug.
Yeah.
Um, but the front row, that's the one where you can't really, you can't see
anyone, there's nobody above you.
Uh, and then I have the belt, you know, and then basically what I do is I put,
put all my weight forward on the ride.
So I'm kind of like going like this with my legs out, use it like with my weight
against the belt.
You're trying to, okay.
If you're enveloped by the whole thing from the start, but then you are trying to
like get even past your mechanism.
So it looks like, so you're just like free flying through the air.
I want a little float.
I want a little float.
What you're like, you're like Supermanning a little bit.
Yeah.
As much as you can in a chair, but yeah, that's what I like kind of do.
I kind of like to put my arms and feet out and try to immerse myself even more,
but it is definitely a little bit of a daredevil thing for me.
Yeah.
I'm really being honest.
I like kicking my little legs a little, but you're not leaning forward.
You're just kind of kicking them.
Not really.
No, you're not doing the cool thing.
I'm not doing the thing I am doing.
You're not doing the brave thing I'm doing.
No, if I get a chair, I immediately figure out how to sit back into it.
I was really get relaxation.
Is there one that reclines in the row?
I don't think so.
You're in the chair that reclines in this room.
Yeah, sorry.
If you ever, that's up for grabs.
You can do it.
I'm sorry.
Guys, when you come in for the show, just call shotgun.
And I'm leaning forward right now.
I mean, I've gone back.
That's you got very excited.
Well, yeah, I like to kind of put all my limbs forward.
Well, you're on the right recording.
I remember going on this in 2006 for the first time, like me and my buddy.
We're out here for college internships.
And we they had already done like the day trip to Disney World.
And I had already been Disney World a lot of times that semester
because it was one of my main interests, Disney World and
going to shows at UCB.
And now you could say Disney World three times in a row.
Disneyland.
No, Disney World.
I was in Disney World the summers of 2005 and 2006.
And an effort we tried to do soaring it at ridiculously long waits.
Sure.
So it was very new.
I had no idea what it was,
because if you remember the marketing on like billboards and park maps,
it's just kind of a poorly Photoshopped family and a hang glider
in front of like the Golden Gate Bridge.
Mm hmm.
Doesn't tell you exactly.
It doesn't tell me.
You can't make out your tails what that vehicle is necessarily.
Yeah.
And I think, you know, YouTube just starting to catch on in 2005, 2006.
So it's not like nowadays where you get 4K video of rides
from every possible angle you could want, you know.
Yeah.
So it was mysterious, you're saying.
It was a little mysterious.
And when you walk in the room with the lights and the blue glow and big screen.
So you kind of remember the first time you went on it.
I remember like, oh, I kind of don't know what this is.
But I know it seems to be the most popular thing in this park.
Sure.
Sure.
I remember.
I don't know if I remember my first.
Isn't it funny you build up the first to this?
I know.
It's going to be this like momentous thing.
And then it's just kind of it's just lost in the pile.
Yeah.
I need to get hypnotherapy.
Take the pressure off the first.
It's not a big deal.
Also, the first time we went to DCA, we had gotten a park hopper
and we did pretty much 90 percent of the park by noon.
OK.
So yeah, pretty damning.
Yeah.
That's the you miss the old DCA, you said.
Well, it was very relaxing.
You got half the day waiting for you and do nothing.
You know, no pressure.
You had a pressure.
If you had a OK, I put two buttons in front of you.
OK, one keeps it DCA as is now.
The other button changes it back to what it was in the first two years.
This is Oppenheimer.
You're a monster.
Uninvent this.
Which button do you hit?
No one will know.
By the way, I'll say this.
They'll be anonymous.
No one will know that you've reverted it back to original Disney's
California.
Like, you are going to know if they heard the scenario.
It's changed, but they won't know.
Like it'll erase their mind.
It'll erase their mind.
Our machine, you'll know what you did.
You'll have to live with that on your conscience.
What does it take?
Give me a year.
This is pre we got no cars land.
No car.
Yeah.
Pre all the all the good stuff is gone.
It's back to early.
You got the what's the farm called?
Bountiful Valley Bountiful Valley.
Farmers back bigger bread samples, bigger sourdough bread.
Fact, it's not so your star limo is there.
Let me ask.
Am I taking it all the way all of the world back to
the first half of 2001?
Because I feel like there's more important stuff I should do that.
OK, she can't do that machine.
All we can do is revert the theme park back to its state.
Back in like those years.
But Richard Kelly's the box.
Yeah, you could.
There's so many scenarios this exactly like.
Wouldn't it, though?
Wait, that's a good question.
Would it erase 9-11?
The way I've invented it, no.
But I guess if you want to give us an area where everything else
that would invent 9-11.
Yeah, yeah, everything still happened.
It's like the end of when they bring all the characters back in end game
and the world has still happened, but they are bringing them all back.
It's just that that life has changed.
And now they are going to have to adapt to what's happened in five years.
OK, OK, so the twin towers are still gone.
But is the Tower of Terror there?
Oh, but yeah, the Tower of Terror will be gone before Tower of.
Four is right before.
OK.
Well, this isn't my question for me.
I will let Jason answer.
The Tower of Terror is being built.
You can see it.
It's not open yet and it won't open.
Well, why won't it open?
There's an issue with the fall over.
It's going to well, there will be an issue with building it.
And then it kind of gets stuck.
And it's like kind of like that target on sunset.
It's just going to be like that for a while.
I kind of well, that also means there's now going to be dozens of vloggers
who are like, what up, fam?
We're going to get Big Macs, a burger invasion.
And we're going to eat them on the machines.
The Baltham Valley Park, the dinosaur with the sunglasses is back.
I bought sunglasses there once.
OK, stop avoiding the question.
Yeah, what do you think?
I don't think so.
At the very least for Guardians and the giant candy bar
that I got to give another chance to the giant candy bar.
Oh, do you not like the giant candy bar?
Well, we give it another chance.
His list of things that he wanted to retain had something that then you're
now you're qualifying.
Well, I still got to give it another chance.
We ate it like the third day was open very quickly.
Everyone wearing masks outdoors.
We barely got a table.
I thought that was really good.
The big candy bar.
I was really, really hard on all the frozen and I don't know what was wrong.
Something seemed wrong.
I mean, but the food I had the second time was better.
I think it was you on the day, though.
It might have been me on the day.
And I don't know what it was.
I'm saying something off.
It was a pretty rough roll out that first day.
But when I when I eat the candy bar, I'm like, this is good.
And then Jason's like, I don't know about this little too much.
I think the karma was really pulling on my my molars.
So wait a minute.
Your list of why you won't blow up the theme park is Guardians Mission Breakout,
not Radiator Springs racers and the promise of the big candy bar.
The promise of the big candy bar that you didn't like and it pulled on your molars.
Big plant based people.
I love Guardian.
You never know what song you're going to get.
I wasn't arguing.
I don't want to make sense to me.
I wasn't here.
If you're not bringing it's just weird that radius.
Those are the two choices.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Hold on.
I hate to.
I hate to do this.
This episode is going to go on.
Yeah, we're not going to get to the sequence of scenes.
Say you save it and you go back to California Adventure and you try that big candy bar again
and it sucks.
Shit.
You hate it.
I put the two buttons on the table at Pym Test Kitchen again.
Do you hit the button to change it back?
I don't think so.
I don't think so because in 2001 there was also no churro toffee.
And that's pretty good.
Churro bar.
Whatever they call it.
I just asked because you have said that you really you miss it and I've never.
I've not heard that very much.
That's the only reason I offer this scenario to you.
I mean it was just kind of fun to have a part to yourself.
It was just kind of.
All right.
Stretch out.
Well you need a button that just like you know like makes millions and millions of people disappear.
Okay.
You need the Thanos a bunch of them.
Yeah.
You just need to snap some and I'm sure they're fine people.
You have nothing against them but.
So I'll throw the infinity glove down on the table at you with all the stones and then you'll
snap and get rid of most of the people in California Adventure which is what you're looking for.
Oh can I use any of the other stones?
Can I do anything else with the glove?
No you can just kill everybody.
I feel like Mike could stop.
So well now look I was going to say we're going to stop 9-11 but this itself is a much worse tragedy.
We already met so many more people.
Half the earth is gone.
Yeah.
No this dwarfs 9-11.
Yeah.
9-11 is nothing now.
Well that's fine.
If you can do it or get with Professor Hogbottom and see if he's got.
He has his own special glove but we don't have to get into that now.
Yeah yeah.
No we're building his IP slowly.
We're here to talk about Soren.
Okay so I mean maybe we just got to.
I'm just going to say it.
I'm just going to say it.
War burden.
Let's make sure we can talk about other stuff in the line.
Museum we don't like.
Sure.
Or we can talk about the great.
The man.
One of the great pre-shows.
Question the best video.
Who?
The best video.
Yeah that's.
Well.
Well you answer.
What do you think?
I'm trying to think.
Yeah it's.
I might say top three.
Because I can in good conscience.
Not.
I don't know where.
I don't know if it's number one but back to the future of the ride.
Yeah.
Original Chris Lloyd is Doc Brown and original Thomas Wilson is Biff.
And they're being themselves and they got it and they nailed the time that thing.
It's so long you get so much more of them.
It's hard to not say plus rules plus that add a lot of great rules too.
This is a very good unfurling of rules.
Yeah yeah.
One of like one of the classic just ways to get rules.
I mean I yeah.
The Simpsons ride is frustrating sometimes I think so much of that is was fun.
Not that it's better necessarily I'm just trying to think of.
I'm almost like well this isn't fair.
You got to group all videos together.
Ultimately but I'm like videos where a person says welcome to this.
Here's what you got to know.
Yeah right.
It's pretty good.
It's pretty good.
I wouldn't be mad at a number one placement though.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be offended by that.
Is any I mean does anything else strike you is it mean is it just.
Well it's somehow just like original star tours or.
Yeah original start was up there but I feel like so much this.
Ended up being more iconic in a way.
Yeah maybe more memorable.
That it stays that they didn't replace it when they changed it to world.
And there's something almost hypnotic about the.
That it's not I can sit when I think about it I think it's funny.
But it's not trying to be funny right.
Well funny one would be maybe more.
Okay you're right.
It's the key is is always like his persona is funny.
Yeah yeah I was gonna say a funny something with like more actual jokes.
You might honestly get tired of it might be better the first time.
But then you've kind of heard the jokes and then they're not fresh anymore.
Something like this it's kind of perfectly the line of like.
Is it funny that the guy has mouse ears.
It gets a laugh I but it's not I don't get tired of it.
I would weirdly get tired of a better joke.
I feel like the there's a lot of good.
What I'll say is age eight to eighty jokes you know.
It kind of works for every age group it's kind of evergreen.
It's the sort of thing they try to manufacture.
And it just doesn't work as well.
Yeah but just when they were trying to do.
A straightforward ride video with like some funny stuff here and there.
You know some and he's just such a good performer.
He doesn't feel like he's but if this is his phoning it in.
It's a great phoning it in but I don't think it is.
I don't think it is either no I think he gives it as I think we've seen way recently we've seen.
More popular actors phoning it in.
Yeah in pre ride video this is I think he is seizing this opportunity.
I think he knows people are going to see this over and over again.
It's not just like what is this I'll get this done.
The closest thing to a joke in it is these little beauties like.
Yes and then the kind of the sort of Costanza S.
Command well of course who sadly this is another element of it.
Is that this is coming off of Seinfeld.
And he's one of the funniest side characters on Seinfeld.
He is a revelation in the they like all of them every character who gets to show up in the finale.
All of the like greats they all it's Seinfeld just had they just hired.
The best people and gave them the best direction or lane to they it's all these like human cartoon.
Characters yes and not in a way where they're like sitcom broad crazy they're just like.
It just everybody makes big bold choices and it's so often it's people you haven't seen a thousand times.
Before that so him and maybe the closest number to John O'Hurley is Peterman.
Yeah both like I just remember being a kid and watching these and like who are these guys.
I don't ever want to stop seeing these people and yeah oh yeah yeah the side characters on that show are unbelievable.
And like they even figure like putties almost like I feel like he has a late.
Seinfeld Renaissance in a lot of ways because he was on an episode where he's a little scarier.
That's the first episode oh like he maybe like he was he felt a little specific and then they had to find a way to like how do we keep you how do we not make him this like.
You know because soup Nazi they could only use once exactly yes but how do we keep this guy in the fold.
But you know when he's at the late the car dealership that's a great episode the eight ball jacket those are the last two seasons I believe.
Which you know I still really like those last two seasons but they're a little bit different.
He's some of the best of you start thinking like you know towards the end it's getting weaker but then putty does some good stuff.
Yes you're back on board.
There was on AEW they had the eight ball jack didn't it didn't daddy magic Matt Menard wasn't he wearing the eight ball jacket.
And as soon as he walked on screen and then I started laughing just seeing the eight ball jacket again.
Just remembering the Seinfeld just you know yeah the devil one I think that's so great that yeah and then the side with the when they're on the.
Her and he and Elaine are on the long plane ride oh yes and he's just like staring straight because he's vacant he's the dumbest guy.
Everyone talks about like Carrey's boyfriends on sex in the city oh there's Aidan oh there's Mr.
Big.
But like Elaine's boyfriends I mean putty's got to be number one with a bullet right yeah oh yeah.
And other other great ones there's there's a ton of great people.
Keith Hernandez sure Toby Hus says the whiz.
Very strong yeah let's just think about the whiz.
Toby Hus a guy very similar to Patrick Warburton just like good in everything always excited to see Toby.
Oh and him you like you start to calculate he was the from P and P and he's the voice in King of the Hill.
And he like he from P and P King of the Hill and Halton catch five like those three alone anyone would be like.
A feather in your hat on that yeah that the one performance little yeah hey Toby Hus fan club here for sure.
But Patrick Warburton he had what he was on a sitcom where he was like a lead for a while that I've never seen before.
I don't think anybody got more heat off of Seinfeld than Warburton because you end up like.
Well Wayne Knight he was on Third Rock oh sure and moving well he's also getting work before sort of Seinfeld too.
So yeah I mean he's definitely one of the again top three side characters that gets the actor gets a lot of work coming off of it.
But I think like you're just you're you're living in I loved him on Seinfeld and I'm not like sick of him ever.
And it's like every time you see him you're just so happy to see him because of the memories.
Uh-huh absolutely but then he brings it and everything yeah too brings it in this he's great in this.
Let's briefly talk about the alternate universe where it was potentially not him they were talking about who to do this with.
And they needed a well you know he defines himself as chief flight attendant.
But there was you know maybe I don't know if they were thinking it's more pilot or we're just aiming for somebody associated with planes with an interest in planes.
This was only recently revealed a couple years ago by I forget which Imagineer on Twitter Travolta is who they were going.
Recent little leak from the Imagineering brain trust.
I wouldn't have been mad.
Yeah.
It would have been weirder.
Oh yes absolutely.
Well especially because one of the things about it I mean I think that I think there were multiple obstacles in the way.
But one of them was that I think he was interested there were discussions but I don't know and I don't know what he was movie was filming at the time.
But he had some odd little soul patch.
Oh of course he had it in.
Is that swordfish.
Maybe yeah he has that in swordfish and I'm trying to remember what his facial hair is in old dogs.
Old dogs is later.
It's like 2005 but that's with every little step.
I don't feel earth is before this.
Yeah oh wait no I was wrong.
The thing the problem was that he grew his hair into giant thick dreadlocks that he could not cut.
And he had surgery on his eyes to transform them like mostly pure white.
Well yeah he was shooting in the sound stage next door.
He's like you know I can I just come over and they're like can you.
Is there any chance.
Can we clean you up.
You're going to have to CGI it.
Yeah because like I was what it was one of the what they have shot this 2000.
Zone yeah I think maybe I was getting down there.
I think it's like this and this is how I talk.
Yeah it's that kind of like that crickets like a male share a little bit.
Yeah yeah.
Where there were crunching a little bit.
It wasn't fully there where you had like that kind of vocal fry kind of thing going on.
So yeah you're getting swordfish Travolta.
You're getting.
You're getting squint you're getting like head shaking.
Yeah you're like two or three years after face off.
Which is good which I'm not saying I just saw that.
I just saw that.
Oh is that first time you ever saw it.
No it's been a while.
Oh I love face.
Oh it came in right in the middle grid perfect hotel room movie.
That's exactly what you want.
Greatest hotel room.
Yeah yeah oh we're very lucky I know that we were.
Face off too coming soon I think.
What is that right.
What is John Wuback talking about.
Face off to I believe is being written by the guy who did that Godzilla Kong movie.
I could be wrong.
Okay I don't know if it's green like they're going to be in it though.
I believe that I mean there are days are either either of them are they.
Too busy they're too busy.
Face off to yeah there it is.
I don't know man that's the only I mean it look it depends on the.
It's it's a tough bar the directions got to be is good or any worry but.
Oh January 6th.
Guys are crazier now.
Face off to is coming and Nicholas Cage's description of the plot sounds wild.
This is from January he says I think face off sequel.
Is a sequel that lends itself to a lot of twists and turns and unpredictability.
Well you got to turn and a twist right away because spoiler skip ahead spoiler.
Nicholas Cage dies so how is there.
Caster Troy dies.
Caster Troy King of that.
What am I saying.
Have you ever seen face off.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah okay.
Yeah.
Make sure so I get I don't know if it's like green but they've.
There's the sign that I think the guy yet Godzilla Kong.
Adam Wingard who we talked about before because he said he.
Based some stuff from the Godzilla Kong movie on back to the future the ride.
Oh yeah okay yeah there's some shots in there I like Godzilla Scott.
Yeah I did too.
It's all about director though that directors got to be maybe he'll direct it.
Maybe he's directing it not that I don't know if John Woo is nuts but he made it nuts.
Yeah.
So I don't know is this a job for Bay does it have to be a.
Is it to see that small potatoes for Bay.
I'm not sure when maybe he's maybe Adam is doing I'm not sure.
I don't know it sounds like it's not fully ready to go.
Sure sure.
But it's like they I think he's right he got paid probably to write it.
Okay well that's exciting we're on the way.
Okay 70 year old Travolta.
Usually I'm not on or usually a way past its prime sequel.
But those they're going to be so much crazier.
It has to be yes it has to be insane.
Neither both of them have had both of them are less tethered to reality.
Seemingly that's what we want.
Did you ever watch when I wish I've we've talked about just doing is there some second gate.
That's all Travolta stuff.
Yes for sure.
Did you ever watch when he Travolta does like a big hide and seek with a youtuber.
Did I send you guys that I don't want to go.
No no I'm how you I have to find where I can hide.
No I've not seen this really long bizarre.
Why is it him that it's him is not really acknowledged.
He's doing one of eight people hide and seeking in a 20 minute long.
You know musical commercials with the scrubs guys.
So my remember that right.
Yeah yeah.
Huh yes.
Enjoyed that.
Yeah my stuff is all going to be just him and pitbull.
Oh sure do that yeah.
Let's do this.
This sounds yeah sure.
All right Travolta oddities sounds great.
Okay but we got more but I think it was that they were like they needed a backup.
They started thinking who else do we do and Emperor's new groove had just happened
and he's the scene stealer of that.
That launches it.
He's like he's seen stealing on TV and then now he's seen stealing in movies
and what a tie it felt like a real you were you're really seeing a movement happen.
Yes oh yeah.
So much more Burton.
Oh I love that person.
To suddenly be seeing all the time out of no it is an odd energy a specific energy.
Always loved him so great.
The bad guy in that she should be walking around oogie boogie bash.
Who should?
From Emperor's new groove.
Oh yeah yeah.
Oh man.
They got some fun they got that judge we've all seen that judge doom clip.
Judge doom yeah.
That's fun little scary thing.
We've never gone to one of those.
I know because I think it's sold out immediately.
Yes we have an annual pass you know like 140 dollars.
On top of the annual pass.
I can't even go the full day.
Yeah.
I mean I guess you can if your annual pass you could go.
And you wouldn't get me out of those street trails.
Well I we got to send.
The children need to get through we're running out of candy.
Hey buddy I got a whole box of hefty bags here you film faster and I'll move.
Maybe next year we'll make a send you to one of these so we can get you on the treat trail.
Can we call a shot next year you agree to that?
That's part of the GoFundMe all right.
Virtual queue.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
Because they sell out within minutes.
I mean we'll all three of us will go.
But we need to see we need to see you get on that treat trail.
It's going to be all about.
Sure.
Spotlights going to be on you.
Yes for sure.
Any moments that we like in this video especially I think he okay a couple he gives it he really
gives it his all with the every very his specific manner of delivery with that big like hello.
Yeah yeah.
You're off to the races there.
Yeah.
And then I really like this kind of a moment like it's kind of a beat you kind of get a
little air he's not rushing into it he I think he's dealt with the either the kid or the
the mouse ears guy and then kind of like turn pause soon you will be airborne.
That's a nice moment.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean I don't.
The kid moment when he tells the kid like does he say great job buddy or great job pal.
Nice work pal.
Nice work pal.
If Patrick Warburton said nice work pal to me that that might be like Mike
getting a thumbs up from Optimus Prime.
Yeah yeah yeah uh huh yeah the trusted figure of Chief Flight Attendant Patrick.
Yeah.
I have to bring up that I can't not bring up I cannot make it about me for a minute
I did I got to live in the fantasy camp of this video and of interacting with Patrick
Warburton because probably the height of my funny or die career and the thing I was
gunning to make happen as soon as I got in there I mean I have access to higher budgets
and celebrities there is something I want to do so badly and that is a fake pre-ride video
for a roller coaster that doesn't exist and it took months to get this thing together.
If you can imagine having to like I just I need a
roller coaster car that actually moves and that can go along a track and stop in place and it's
western themed so it does need to be wooden so therefore extremely heavy and yeah we need to
find a ranch to do it this is just like I am like yeah I'm aiming high for this thing and thus we
need the celebrity to justify it was like it's the funnier die was like the blockbuster system
sure we can release more budget but you need the star to justify it and we were you know I'm
surprised I don't know maybe we were talking about Travolta I don't know there was there was talk of
like in order to justify doing this it's got to be a degree of celebrity who and we're so we're
talking about people who have no funnier die relationship probably don't want to make something
like this aiming just like insanely high and then like oh that'd be and probably you can only get
them for two hours or whatever anyway so I start thinking about who's done funnier die videos who
would be down to come back and do another one and I start looking in the archives and there I see
Patrick Warburton I forget what he'd done before but I thought oh my god I love that guy hero he'd
be so great it's got to be this like crazy cowboy giving you the rules he'd be great I said can it
be him and they start reaching out to him and I swear I didn't somehow put together the math
that he is this that he's in the real world really I started the wheels on it just because I love him
because I thought maybe he'd do it if he's done it before and then like oh my god and it's him it
would be him from soren that'd be so crazy that's wild I on some level you must have in the back of
your mind yeah probably yeah it was it wasn't far away yeah yeah but I but let me just that's just
to attest that's how much I wanted to meet him and get his insane energy in this thing and then what
a dream to get the news that he he's interested in doing it but he wants to meet you guys first
and we're summons to a Jerry's deli in Encino me and producer Josh Martin and we just get to have
a lovely like lumberjack bread I remember he did the like big old hash plate he like ate how you
you would expect him to eat and talk to you'd expect him to talk he has that thing the entire
time and he's like clearly he's just like making sure we aren't crazy and making sure it's worth
his while but just that that alone like getting to have breakfast with this guy was fantastic and he
starts talking I'm talking shop he brings up the thing and like it is great it's a fun area you
know I'm in a real one of these things and I'm like oh I know I know sir yeah you have no idea
how much I know about all of this but then we start we get to talk about how he's proud of doing
that thing and he's proud of and that he just he loves the theme part he loves the Disney parks
and he he said something along the lines of that I won't forget with his intonation uh well you
know it's kind of a wimpy thing to say but uh there's magic in the air at that place
yes yes great like retaining the machismo he has to like do it just so you know I am a
you know I'm a big strong guy but uh you know uh you get kissed by a little tinkerbell pixie
does it yeah it brings a cheer to your eye um so great so I knew I was up to the races and I got
to make this thing and I'm so proud of it listener newer listeners that we've maybe hasn't come up
shown a while but uh roller coaster safety with Patrick Warburton is on youtube or I can post a
clip or something uh but check it out and I feel like this video is like a calling card for me to
like it probably let people know oh this guy who's putting videos out is a is a theme park guy yes
because I remember when I met Doug Jones the first time he's like that video you must actually like
this stuff right yes yeah it's not a like shitting on theme parks kind of video I've seen a lot of
didn't this happen with the season pass guys too or something was that a different video
that was a thrill when we're at knots berry farm with them and they were because they know a lot
of people in the industry and they said that they had seen it sent around by people who actually
work on roller coasters and stuff and that they could tell it was a fellow traveler right as it
were um the other one I have to shout out just because I could not I do love this video so much
and I was like when I got to make my tv show movie city I'm like I gotta get Warburton again that
was so fun that was such a blast and knowing that I wrote into the script him saying this little
beauty and it was in there and I don't know if he knew why he was saying it I don't think he caught
it yeah yeah but I was such a thrill to like watch him say that line in that case about a piece of
the the Bermuda triangle that he had in an amulet on his or no there was like a pin because he was
like a decorated military guy right um so let that be my if all of that is not credibility of my
love of this video in this aspect of Soren that's great and that was before he was on star tours
right when you made this or no was it right after he remember yes during the shoot he gave a little
preview okay a little not supposed to be talking about this oh wow yeah yeah that's good inside
information and then and then it was confusing to go on it and kind of go well where is he I don't
hear him and it maybe takes a time or two to go up that is maybe a little voice pitch up yep on
that one robot it's pretty easy to miss yeah the inflections the way he said certain things you can
kind of catch it it's just that it's so good his different speeds of it because the way him on the
ride is not the same as putty is not the same as great it's all the same family of yeah yeah but
there's little adjusts but then it basically has that and the big you know like breathiness I think
he's an Adam West fan is what I've I believe I ever I think makes driving for that kind of like
there's nothing he's not it's silliness as silly as you can be without like making a silly face
you know it's all in it's all in it's it's the silliness of bravado essentially it's so fun I
mean I'm not talking I'm not talking about him when I'm saying this but it's so the the bravado
always works when a lot of or not always but it often works when the performer does also kind of
your Shatner's and your Adam West both like know when they're being funny but also do have
it's in them that's a speed they can dial up like there's probably a more sensitive right real person
yeah but then there's performance mode and it has yeah so I feel like if bluster it's it's awesome
it's always self-aware bravado ends up being yes the right way you can dial properly yeah um and
in both of my war burn experiences he was a much uh he did not shatter on me okay well that's good
if you recall is playing that clip is that second gate that was second gate yeah we played a
shatter being mad at a voiceover director and he decimated this man mentally my god scarring so
scarring um okay well anything else pre-ride or do we start talking about scenes here uh uh
you know what I mean I always I'm sure I've talked about this before but I always as a
California native I like that before war burden appeared and this I'm always a little frustrated
in this part because maybe you've gotten caught in a line for a while and maybe and you're I'm
excited to see the war burden video so I don't really like when I am like I'm getting close but
it's kind of a tease and all I have to entertain me right now are the names of California cities
oh yeah yeah and there's a real mundane-ness
is it because there's one that I don't even know if this is actually where they filmed it but
there's one that they define as camera Rio yes and if you're not from around here um or you've
never been here camera Rio's a kind of a mundane play it's a place with an outlet mall uh it's a
place with a Marie calendars if I had a good friend who lived and I looked forward to I don't
when some rides take you to Endor another I guess don't take you to Endor so what's
the way all right give me a real what's a real one some rides take you to where what's Jar Jar's
planet the Gungan city yeah yeah some rides take you to Gungan city and other rides take you to
camera Rio right a real place known for an outlet mall for a while it had the um is it Cavalier the
horse show with the big 10 oh were they hosting Cavalier yeah they had the big 10 the big white 10
was hosting Cavalier by like the access roads and the railroad tracks high the five yeah yeah
gotcha so that's good for camera Rio I'm not so I've had good times in camera rail
love giant sprawling Edwards theaters I miss those Edwards theaters with like the you know
giant neon displays and they're loud because they're old I like any there's a lot of those in New
York Beach you find one find a big one in camera Rio too the only thing would make this bad this
part better is if it's like Buena Park and that came out at you yeah you can fly over there yeah
that's a good hmm yeah what you're missing some plus in it up already greatest city in the if
you're a big fan of the the OC and you want to see Chino the home of Ryan the main character yeah I
want to see where Ryan's from uh-huh well keep that in mind if anywhere if any if you're in love
anywhere in California and you want to see it represented that's a good pleasure
in the prison is there a prison there yeah San Bernardino yeah you can see all the amazon
warehouses uh-huh yeah and the kind of creepy original mcdonald's oh yeah and the cracker barrel
by an easy off-ramp oh I need a bathroom I stopped at that cracker barrel on the way back from Vegas
and how was that it's look it's fun and it's cheap to be there and it's yeah I bought a sailor suit
for my daughter I okay I know we got a lot to get through I don't look I don't want to accuse you of
child abuse but I don't you didn't want to be in a little sailor suit when you were a kid we've
told people talked about being embarrassed in little sailor suits and here you are repeating the
cycle well look it was well I don't know his daughter might be a little boogey-woogie bukele
boy from company it's possible yeah it's possible uh we haven't she hasn't tried it on yet though
okay uh if you're this I'm gonna I'm like why don't we record your house next time and then I
sneak into a closet yeah yeah yeah if you guys if y'all try to put it on her and she starts
immediately screaming you have to text us like I think she's gonna sailor suit is a no-go
yeah I had two separate sailor suits I have pictures in when I was so is is two the line for
you like I'm only it's only one one sailor suit you get one sailor suit that's the way I feel
oh look it's Halloween she's doing stranger things she's doing the one season stranger
thing she works at the mall the ice cream barler that sailor theme I've never seen
past one episode and I know the ice cream parlor and I know the kind of monster one of our
Baskin Robbins here in Burbank got turned into the sailor ice cream parlor I remember scoops ahoy
yeah what separates the sailor suit from other what's is there anything on the fanny
what would be on the fan what do you mean like you're thinking of like pajamas I'm thinking of
a Simpsons uh there at least is shopping for embarrassing swimsuits with marge and uh
there's a little starfish on the fanny yeah no I don't think there's anything like that
that helps that helps it's not like a duck costume or anything with a little tail
okay okay although that would be cute too yeah that's not good that's not go over I'm adjusting
to the side you're trying to you're gonna talk me into the sailor suit well I shouldn't have
approval over those we're just concerned we're too late in the episode for me to do my full speech
on why the sailor suit is good and I'll play the three I'll play like patriotic music under it too
separate sailor suits episode um I don't know I think we're there let's talk yeah let's talk
ride baby yeah um and I don't know I don't know that we even need to like go in order let's try
it let's try to hit everything but let's hear let's where's your where's your heart in this
what's like when you think about specifically soaring over California the original ride film
and I don't want to you know we'll save the discussion of what's better yeah this is the
one but um what do you flash to when you like when you think about loving the California one
well I think in terms of vibes the best vibes are the I'm just reading off of Wikipedia the
Redwood Creek the people kayaking through the Redwood Creek are flying over them yeah absolutely
that's the first I think that it gets it starts grand with Golden Gate Bridge yes um and you feel
grand because you feel like you're in the full house opening yeah yeah despite the music being
different uh but then that's the first that we get serene and you're also really impressed that
how much you're able to sink into the creek like you don't you don't really know the mechanism this
is being shot it's not like whoa we're getting pretty low we're getting pretty close to those
guys it was probably a pain in the ass to film that in 2000 now we got these tiny drones you
can fly through anything sure CGI can finish the rest they were still doing helicopters though for
the world look like it I feel like you might need to for stability I mean we can that's we can also
talk about we'll talk scenes but we talk technically about it it does seem like because helicopter
footage can be uh uh awful that's like you think yeah you think footage and helicopters are going
to be compelling automatically but it can be very shaky and I'm sure and and these are like
this these have to the second one had to shoot 8k imagery so that's like yeah you need a you need a
3d piece of machinery so um yeah that rigs gotta be real well eight IMAX cameras circa 2000 are
probably massive oh yeah I know I said like as if 8k is if you need a bigger camera to shoot 8k
that's how it works you need a case size camera but you're right the originals were probably
bigger clunkier uh uh what did they shoot on was it film or was it some early digital back then do
we know that oh that's a good question I know that that was projecting an IMAX so it was originally
the movie was projected in film okay um and then they switched over to digital a year or two before
uh sort of over the world they've upgraded here and there they but I remember when it was like okay now
the picture is going to be digital and I remember going on it it was a little clearer they were
shut at IMAX HD originally which implies digital okay I think but it looks fantastic interesting
yeah it does have some of the warmth I would associate with film yeah maybe the lenses are
I could be wrong though on the foot shooting shooting all that like in kind of like the
Monterey Bay like coastline yeah like that is a risk to fly over those rocks and the
breaking waves and all the animals sure yes um vibes are good there too vibes are also good at
the hang gliding in Yosemite yeah yeah all of the nature stuff is pretty spectacular yeah and all of
I'm pulling some of this from theme park tourists they had some stories about the logistics of
shooting this thing which you do you know you're you're lost in the ride you're not thinking about
what it took to put it together but those some of those are some of the most uh biggest pains
he has to do that part of Yosemite there has not been an airborne vehicle there in nearly 50 years
wow yeah clearance on this stuff it took them I did read that it took them forever to like
negotiate some of this like working over the parks and the low whatever your rules are which
are probably very specific being like protected uh yeah lands the last plane that was in here
was some crop duster asshole who got lost and like a says he didn't have a permit he didn't have a
permit just drunk it was Harrison Ford playing a crop duster drinking moonshine yeah a big x
bottle yeah um Monterey the super blue one that's how I think of it that is a marine life sanctuary
so it took years to clear and there's a boat that's visible in the shot and that's not just for
production value the boat was like making sure that animals were making sure animals weren't
getting disturbed by the helicopters flying by yeah um so this is like pretty unprecedented
you know star tours was models and later digital they didn't have to go to a moon and
deal with the local ordinances of the moon to shoot the stuff yes very true so I really
appreciate what they had to do to do this thing the other one the the desert one with the the
flyby from the jets yes yeah that's the most insane one because okay a research team okay
they did they made disney hire archaeologists to make sure that any artifacts were not getting
or bones I don't know uh to make sure that nothing was getting disturbed in that area
just in the area that you're shooting which is four square miles and what that actually meant was
dusting so four square miles had to be dusted oh wow I didn't read that yeah that's nuts
that's so tedious and crazy this is what they did for us this is what they did to to make us
entertained and nowadays the Walt Disney Company is using money like that for um
330 000 crisis p uh pr people and you know whoever they're gonna hire is gonna be the
scariest motherfucker you've ever met and fucking ray donovan getting hired
but it's all gonna work out that scary ray donovan guy is gonna make everybody think that
is nice again yeah so now you're like is that josh brolin or leave shriver
is is it really them are they moonlighting i'm terrified yeah they'll undo months of bad pr for
disney yeah months and months of public opinion being cemented i don't know what the i would i
would like to see the pitch meetings if how does the how does the ampt very good question when
pitch decks oh man i think whatever delusion we're imagining in those meetings it's 50 times
worse yeah because you'd be like look just quit like guys you lost we lost why don't you just
accept it i the the story alone of is it zaslav on oprah's boat and they were gonna watch an
episode of fleabag and they like he had a fucking breakdown because there was sex scene in it
what is wrong with you i think you've said this before and i hope i'm not gonna look into it but
i hope it's right no i think so is he like the millennials who are like posting about sexes
there's no shouldn't be a sex that's another type of brain worm this is a different a different type
of square we need to show he's cool by associating him with those very online millennials yeah you
want it yeah he wants to get rid of sex because it's cool to get rid of sex
uh what's some other okay oh wait okay okay well all right so we know the erector set story
you sure do like the urban legend about this is that when they fly over the palm springs golf
course yes it's michael eiser hitting the golf ball i don't think that's an urban legend well
well this is why do you say that mike because i read it somewhere today oh you guys where though
oh no is it like the fans because people on the message board 20 years ago are losing their
goddamn minds and okay the the what i read it being associated as and i don't know if it's real or
k-fabe is that eiser was on a larry king show i don't know if it's the podcasters at cnn show
but he was promoting his book camp and he mentions like well my cameo in soren
but then there's other posts where people are like oh no he wasn't that's a stunt man he
wasn't available that day well i don't think we need to be a stunt man i think he just swings
there was a lot of talk about stunt performers i guess well but my beef is with those commenters
i don't know i don't know i'm just asking questions on camera it has to be a stuntman
i don't know well i don't know i don't look i've certain i've said that out loud i'm sure a lot of
people listening have said it out loud i've never put it under the microscope but we pick soren as
the top as the topic i start putting it under the microscope i start because i want to know
you're right if we're gonna say it we want to know that it's real and you're right i start looking
and it's a lot it's very divisive it's very nice message boards some people were saying i went on
a disney tour the tour guide said it interesting so this is one of the most i feel like i've seen
this a lot heard it a lot yes more so than the if we can't talk about the fans on that's too much
to talk about but like i've heard it more for sure than the fans yes the fans my mind is new to me
and it probably hit my ear where if you haven't heard that episode we discussed whether some of
the speed of space mountain is simulated by cold air being blown on you by fans and we've been we've
put it out to the you know and you know what i feel like i haven't been proved i i say that's bunk i
say there are no fans i haven't been proven definitively right but i haven't been proven
officially wrong either no one has been proven right or wrong i've seen many interesting theories
about the fans that would put it closer to jason being right but no one seems to have the definitive
what do you mean you put it closer to jason i haven't seen that that's not how i perceive it
have an idea of like it's not fans in the traditional but like vents near work sort of
the start of the ride systems come into play my memory starts coming up like i'm just saying it's
cool i'm not saying cold air is being blown yeah i'm not actually saying like i just mean i've seen
theories that are go okay well that's a type of fan and it's in a different place than i would
think versus what we were talking about giant industrial fans a little more in the middle yes
i believe i believe we can rule out that there are like this ride has this ride does have fans
yes yeah and that's part of the it's part of the simulation and that's what blows the sense on you
too um but i i think we can rule out like fans air cannons because that's easy you just watch the
you watch the lights yeah you don't see that there so i'm not trying to reopen there i'm just trying
to keep the ball in the air because i do want somebody to definitively prove this right or
well yeah i we are i i am waiting to bashfully take my mousers off
uh little beauties but i'm also waiting to confidently put my seat belt through that
middle strap which i think the first few times i wrote it i did too because i'm like well i'm
smaller it confused me i know i was like do i need to yeah i've watched the video a bunch of
times then i'm still like do i have to do the strap um well all right if i believe there
are other terms to that wager but if you end up being right i will say nice work pal oh
that's good that's not from me and now i know you you want to hear that it's not not as good as
this is like this and then we will do this eventually i just want to quickly address this
this is like the story of the hemisphere dancer and yes rest in peace jimmy buffett yeah uh we
don't have time for that either but you're right either yeah it's a bummer it might not happen
immediately but we will get to a big episode i think we are building to i think we all know
eventually where it's going where we will properly do our buffet we don't want to jam
something out of course uh we want to do it with love and respect uh take our time so this feels
similar to uh something about the hemisphere dancer about who was actually on the plane
there's a live been down message board rabbit holes is was jimmy on the plane when the incident
happened where they were shot at by the jamaican government yes so we will get into all that later
this is i i i'm upset with myself for not being more suspicious now because you're about to
this about the eisner issue about the eisner issue because yes that that was theme park fact in my
head and i'm thinking does he think is he even addressing it as like the character michael
eisner appears in the ride what does that mean basically meaning like he doesn't have to like
he doesn't appear okay basically in the narrative of the ride michael eisner appears but he was not
there that day for some reason well my argument there would be that makes no goddamn sense if
that's the case eisner's out of his fucking mind that character is me the golfer is me it's possible
because it's not what he's been for that it's being filled people know they're being filled those
people the golfers knew what was going on so he could be trying to say that's me as a character
that's my character you can't see his face so i've never seen the evidence that he is insane
i think we have a little look not that kind of insane okay all right since i've been seven i've
been destroying my mind with comic book logic in the last few years i've been destroying my mind
more with wrestling logic so my brain is just soup at this point what if michael eisner had his face
removed and replaced with another ceo his face came off off and then he appeared there with a
not with my face i hate golf no don't do it a different face that day and it's his body and
his brain but not there was that weird couple of years where castor troy was the head of warner
brothers yeah exactly eisner's body looked like there's different dimensions all of a sudden
um i have my argument for why i don't think this is michael eisner is twofold one is he is a busy
man this shoot we have now just talked about some of the coordination that it took to put this shoot
together and i'll say a couple other things about that um okay the rock climbers in in the yosemite
scene uh they they had that that all took six hours they had to hang off of the rocks and reset
and go up and down for six hours something i something i read said which is funny somebody
was like these were not candid shots i was like okay i didn't think they didn't just go
start shoot whatever it's cinema verite i was like i don't know what we get that was not
no much coordination the uh now granted this is harder to get than um somebody swinging a golf
club however um there's another thing about the desert sequence with the it's the flyby from the
um and i i forget what where that desert is i think the name is uh onza berago um so the
helicopters going through the onza berago desert um the thunderbirds to arrive at that point when
they do right they took off from nellis air force base near las vegas nearly 200 miles away so it's
action we go these this amount of feet you travel from vegas to here yeah so this is the level of
coordination and and you know i think every one of these shots is a full day endeavor uh it's it's
crazy to do there's a lot of people to coordinate in this thing now i'll give you that maybe this
was done with stand-ins and then mr eisner were ready for you but he's a busy guy i mean maybe
vacationing there maybe he's in palm spray or indio specific is it like actually yeah but um so
maybe he would have to be there already or they were they drive him out there for a full day of
this maybe he's getting work done he's on the floor he's on a vacation and then they just slide him in
right before i'll give you that but it seems it seems complicated and think about look the guy
does like to be on camera we know this he loves camera we've seen many many clips of this but
those shots are all a you know a close and a two shot hello i'm michael eisner and it's done feet
from his office um is he really going to hang around to be a dot that he barely takes credit for
like as opposed to introducing himself as the chairman of the walt disney company
with a close-up you know where it's very clear yeah go ahead but he knows these rides can last
for decades sure decades and the other thing is palm springs as a small airport which you can
fly burbank to bond springs i'm assuming that's a 30 minute flight could be so maybe he was in his
office they had him back uh back in the office for a conference call at the end of the day well let
me go back to the thing i said that confused everyone uh what if they said to him it would
be really fun if you were the golfer in palm springs that would be really he goes that great
i've never really done it on the ride blah blah blah this is great so then they're sort of
logistically explained to him how long it takes he's going as well this is gonna take forever
who gives it and then they're like well you know what they're not gonna really be able to see your
face and he goes all right well uh my wife will get a polo shirt out of my closet let's just throw
it on a kid a pa and they'll do the golf swing and we'll say i did it it's me we'll say i'll do
this way and like it's his clothes technically he's not on there this makes more sense than you than
him creating a fictional character and but that is that is uh like that is it's a more practical
way to explain the same thing yes you're right it's a more reasonable let's just get a me-esque guy
yeah and i'll say it's me and that's fun because i'm a little cameo like alfred itchcock or something
guess so yeah yeah possible maybe it's that maybe it's possible it's a strange answer but it's
it's i i guess i buy it yeah that's a theory well my my other thing is that like i feel like by the
year 2000 they're like all right we're bailing out water on this california adventure shit
like izer's spending most of his time picking out carpet samples for the hotel you know and the hotel
is terrific you know and the area is adjacent to the hotel pretty nice so you're saying he doesn't
have time because he's picking out carpet samples well i feel like everyone's just losing like the
movies aren't making the money they want them to make certainly the golden age of his tenure at the
company but that seems like a time where you don't want to you don't want to go deal with the hassle
of being in the ride yeah and where you like and where you know you got busy and maybe you don't
in the special so in the disney war book everyone talks like everyone hated the abc merger
they're like why are we doing this you know as opposed to all other mergers which have been good
for everyone oh sure you think they're dark merger do you think anyone pitched a different thing like
all right michael you're gonna fly by in the jet you're gonna have to learn how to fly the jet and
we're gonna you're gonna turn your head and go hello this is the jet goes by or he's one of the
primers or like was there ever a i think in a hot air balloon basket would be more
or less oh that's great because they just rewaves yeah and that's the hidden mickey in the ride which
we don't talk about that's a long weekend in napa out of it i think you should have had him be we
didn't talk about this the hang glider when you do see an actual hang glider in yosemite yeah and
one of the complaints about uh the world's version is the cgi yes there is some cgi that is undoubtedly
a digital hang glider so why not go further with it why not have him spin around and say hello
i'm michael i'm there in full suit he's not even chairman of the walt disney company and today
chairman of uh the sky
yes can i present one more argument for why i don't believe go ahead that it is him okay jason you
alluded at the beginning of this to um the the most plausible source on this is that maybe he said it
was on a radio show maybe maybe it was larry king i found him on larry king in 2004 and you can
search the transcript so i searched and soren did come up and i lit up perhaps this could be it but
instead what it was is a caller because larry king took callers and it's a caller shockingly
saying uh hey i just want to say i agree with what roy disney has said and i don't think that you have
park in california adventure whoa the only thing we liked was soren uh over america got the title
wrong uh and saying false hoods to our our hero uh but he like but said our woman i think complained
on the phone that's crazy um and he goes right into kind of pitch mode and says well you know we have
tower of terror uh ma'am have you been on tower of terror in florida i think she hung up okay she
hung up but anyway tower terror is one of the most popular rides and it's coming so he goes into
defense mode something he does not say is well you know soren actually it's interesting i'm the
golfer and uh soren he doesn't bring it up there then i thought this is not it because the uh another
thing that message board person said is he was promoting his book camp this was the camp was
not the now bestseller classic camp about his days in summer camp was not out yet so we gotta do an
episode of a camp we're gonna have to read camp at some point oh that's a good one the camp is not
very long and i think the library lending app has the audio book but i think it's a bridge
so i don't know what they need the full version what how dare they that's like censoring that's
like when blockbuster would edit the videos for content and like cut the sex and violence
that's that's that's akin to book burning don't fuck with camp yeah don't fuck with camp
but um i started looking for when was he promoting the book camp and he did make an appearance
promoting camp on the charlie rose show just host his tenure so a lot of the discussion is that he
is out of the company he's also trying to put a good face on that it's actually better it's better
than this happened uh so he's in that mode while also selling his now classic book camp um but so
you know i'm not finding soren is not mentioned in that transcript i'm not finding what i need
there but strangely what does come up is golf there's a discussion of golf and how do you relax
what are you gonna do now are you gonna golf and he says uh well my problem is i think golf should
be 13 holes he gets tired of golfing he doesn't and charlie rose responds you don't like golf
i don't like the last five holes it's too long so i can't play golf charlie rose comes back to it
a minute later you don't even play golf i used to play golf twice uh now i loved writing this book
so i say to this why is he in a scene as a golfer when it's not something that he even likes to do
why would he take the time to why would he do this sport that he abhors at first on camera say he
likes the first 13 holes i guess so but but another thing then he kind of perhaps you uh let me submit
this into evidence what hole was this scene filmed on on the arnold palmer designed pga west course
in indio what hole why it's a par four and it is hole 16 do you think he played the whole that was
part of the timing of the whole thing is he had to play the hole and get 16 as the helicopter
swooped in maybe it's why maybe if charlie rose had let him keep talking uh maybe they were getting
towards the end of the hour and he said you know i don't like it because you know you're waiting
around it takes forever you have to wait for the helicopter to go by it takes hours they tell you
it's only going to be a minute but then they're going to do other takes uh you know frankly
because of the imax camera i just don't like playing golf any i just said you know the biggest
in my head probably in all of our heads we're thinking it i that makes sense eisner is a ceo
ceo's golf it's a cheeky little thing that he's well why doesn't the golfer be uh why isn't the
eisner but he does not he does not but we know hockey is his sport he might be in a hockey scene
but why is he golfing if he could also be though a little joke we know michael doesn't like to golf
so he's the golfer that hits the it's the drive well you would have to be a deep eisner fan as we
are from the vantage point of 2023 because he had not yet publicly announced his distaste for golf
on the charlie rose show in 2005 he needs to do the show there's so many questions that keep
popping up and it's and none of them will be about anything serious this is what he needs to
understand they will all be about his acting we want to do an inside the actor studio with michael
eisner it's just like is he in the video yes acting wise and like what was it like to act with micky
mouse and yeah yeah just in camp half of it will be about camp yeah once we've done that episode
once we fall in love with his book camp yeah it's gonna be all partners his other book about creative
partnerships yeah we'll do it well i see nobody writes better books than ceos oh maybe maybe
former presidents but uh besides a second to ceo oh they're all normal and they're all chill
anyway i don't think i've definitively proved it and let me just say you're good rather good
evidence you have good it's pretty good evidence i didn't expect to find that the transcript of
the charlie rose interview um i would love to be proven wrong because it's better it's more fun
to think yeah was it was i happier when i was when i was going on the ride and thinking you know
that's michael eisner and now here i am now i've become like this bilmar skeptic oh yeah now like
you really believe you believe you're a thinking person and you think that michael eisner plays
golf no this is good this is good the fan thing i think has really lit this under you and i think
this is good because this is again accepted fact i accepted it as fact and maybe we need to
evaluate a lot of things we think we know about theme park that's what this is that's what this is
about yeah deeper thinking harder thinking more clearly right which is why we need to go back and
do indiana jones again before we get time we go clear we gotta we need to go clear on indiana jones
here i've got to clear out some things i i will say one thing i i found uh out that seems to be a
certainty the the music the music unsworn terrific terrific but one thing however is certain
the music is fantastic toes must be tapped extra extra the guy who did the score jerry goldsmith
jerry goldsmith fucking guy's a legend he's a legend uh uh tora tora tora uh patent list them
alien folder guys cheer jason on l.
a confidential the mummy you're not even getting to my favorite
of all of them gremlins and gremlins too that's a good one too but no i'm we're talking star trek
first contact well he did the like the main picture right yeah yeah yeah what we know is
the movie yes this guy did so much like i i guess john williams probably still wins
but like this is a close second i think even as far as iconic stuff and really the apes you throw
that in and the ears and erector said story the first time he went on the ride he came down on
it was crying he was in tears and he said his father was a pilot who loved everything about
california and he would do anything to be a part of this ride wow yeah he also i believe said
because it meant so much to him uh he would have done it for free um i'm pretty certain he did not
do it for free because i believe we got to hang out with the person who brokered the deal richard
craft yeah his knee collector yeah yeah so i think he wouldn't i think he did not allow free to be
if you act in a ride video you make nothing you make like well with something to ask eisner
yeah of course i gotta do it i need a i need a 200 bonus sure i made 30 meals this year
meal penalty i've been here a long time trying to get on the sag health insurance it's better
you know only 20 20 i'm wearing my own ceo's guild isn't so good wearing my own slacks it's an extra
50 bump it's dry cleaning wear and tear on these shoes i had to wear golf spikes that's that's
equipment needies no shoes don't count stunt performer bump 300 dollars helicopter's
stunt golf is stunts i hate golf so it's a stunt to do it uh uh so i completely lost my train of
thought uh acting in a video is uh nothing you don't make anything and you don't make residuals
but music in the park i've heard and i don't know if it was from him i think no i think it was i
think well somewhere i heard you have to sort at a certain point you have to count the amount of
a song even plays in the park and it all goes through whatever wow so negotiation when you
were huey lewis in back to the future the ride era yeah oh man breaking it in and yeah i hope
the news got in on that too michael jackson estate when do the bart man plays at universal yes uh so
yeah i think you make i think you make your money if you have a song playing yeah yeah well i think
other of his scores were playing in that there are some of the film scores in that uh in the line
and you know what it's not his only theme park money because i didn't realize jerry goldsmith
the universal fanfare all right this guy but maybe this guy beats shan williams no heresy
look i don't i don't want to speak ill of the dead jerry goldsmith passed away three years after
doing this uh yes score but uh not not quite because come on indiana jones star wars star
wars or the star trek first contact theme well that's you have to be you have to view things
from a certain lens yeah first con for first contact specifically yeah outside of the other
star tricks to be what pops for you but incredible uh very great work and so much of what
holds the whole thing together right that's so much above the heart of it and yes it's doing
a half almost half the work i'm not saying the rest of it's not doing all the work and it wouldn't
be fun but it does so much of the work of the five obviously because it's just such a good
piece of music and goes a long way into making it mom's favorite ride other uh other senses sense
literal blasting you with sense that i feel like by the way you know what i'm going to propose this
just so we're not russian uh i think a little california can leak into world i don't know when
we're gonna do world but you don't feel like you gotta like jam it all in we could talk about sense
right now because i got some really weird flying theater stuff okay so we'll save that other format
of flying theater that's a perfect thing does it well that's what we're gonna cover the other
fake ones too and the fake ones fit perfectly into the other one unless that's it we might
discover that's its own episode too i don't know possible i have a lot of uh information here's a
tease i've got a lot of information about the uss john c stennis the aircraft carrier in the san
diego sequence so stennis heads we aren't forgetting about you yeah it'll come later
okay but anyway don't feel free to what were you gonna say i'm just gonna say we we skipped over
before we talked about like the malibu and the coast yeah that is the best in my mind at the end
towards the end yes yeah my number one my favorite part of it absolutely that is just like that is
the most gorgeous pink it is so relaxing um like getting so dim it's got to be like the dimmest
you can still be shooting and you can barely see the waves you could barely see the surfers
but the sound is so calming that's my favorite part of the music it's like rippling it's magic
by that point yeah and you also not to be not to make it about me again we did skip over me and
what i do with my legs on the ride oh yeah we did i stretch out because i'm usually doing this
towards the end of the day and i'm usually doing it with some wine this is a perfect it's the wine
tasting of rides so you know i want that to kick in especially for this malibu sequence and yes at
the end of a long theme park day i've been walking and walking and walking and i have very tense calves
in general i don't know if i've opened up about that on the show they get real tense they're pretty
meaty if you ever get a look at them because i ride my bike a lot uh meaty calves i got them from my
dad can you do a little more war burden on that one uh meaty calves i got them for my all right
no they're fucking bricks yeah scots have meaty calves my hamstrings are dog shit just totally
shot doing physical therapy um yours are which i've heard other podcasts and you go out and talk
re uh past guests also uh i messaged him because what a time to be alive they were talking about
their ailments physical therapy and it's like that makes me feel a lot better that's nice
podcasters connecting over leg over leg ailments um it's got some meaty leg muscles well look i
stress you stretch them out and you know what yeah that's kind of the only like muscular part of my
body exactly the same as my dad so anyway they're they're tense by the end of that day and it's
exactly at that part that i give them just a big old stretch as far as they can go and then i feel
better it's the best place to be doing it um i feel so peaceful at that specific part of the ride
here's the thing okay this is maybe a larger conversation so i hate to do it but it's an
interesting i think it's interesting and if it's not tell me to fuck off there sometimes when we've
been on these rides board board fuck off all right let me finish the thought all right all right
no it's okay it's okay i'm comfortable with it uh sometimes you know when you go on these rides a
lot and and you get i would say sometimes even you're tired you're there and maybe this is more
in our younger days when we were there more often you go on a ride that's a classic ride you love
it and there would be necessary the magic sometimes would be a little bit gone for part of the
experience in the sense that like okay yeah i'm on whatever i've been on hono mansion a ton of times
on it again but i think there's always a moment in almost all these rides where it's impossible
for the magic not to hit you a little bit you know what i'm saying like yeah like sometimes
you're it's just there and you've been there forever and everything is just fresh and it's good
again and then sometimes you're on things and it feels a little sleepier and you're not getting
the spark you want but this malibu using this as an example this malibu seen on soren always gets
the magic in my brain that always that's the perfect time i've never not felt that feeling
that feels special in that part and i would be interested to know on all of the rides if there's
kind of a moment that actually like rips you from reality back into the it always hits yes yeah
that's interesting well i think one thing in soren's favor this ride is nearly five minutes
it's like i think i saw four minutes 51 seconds thrown around that is long that's a pretty long
ride yeah you get to really escape and that's deep into the escape and you're not anxious to
get out of there right and it's kind of before it's sort of like a little bit of peace before the
the grand finale where it gets a little more active and bombastic uh and we'll take i mean
we'll talk about those things later why not that's this is a pretty good amount i think we got
through a lot of amount of yeah but now we now with now the other stuff can breathe and is this
ride not about breathing relaxing not rushing uh so that's perfect and no like i think you're right
that moment always hits some moment always hits yeah so you know there's magic in the air there
you survive podcast the ride uh i think right are we done we yeah i agree yeah i'm fine with it
anymore policy isn't this better than like no no no no we're gonna not gonna move on until
well it's funny sometimes so it's not always better but it's funny sometimes but i love
stretching i love doing the stretch yeah yeah yeah i agree well i think i think we've had a
moment here as nice as the malibu yeah sequence and now we get to we'll pick it up maybe it's
not till 2024 we'll see what other business we have to do uh because there's a lot of stuff coming
we're getting uh scary soon we're heading into haunt cast yeah uh but more rides come in your
way and it won't be all rides look you know this podcast now it's not always gonna be right we also
talked about rides in the vegas yeah we did yes we a thousand percent did some of the weirdest
like we're discovering we're discovering rides that could have been forgotten so that's yes i
know pish posh pish posh anyway thanks for soaring with us uh you know i and i'd like
i was gonna i was gonna demand like a round of applause like you get at the end of of the ride
because you always kind of get that because like i said there's always newbies on it right but i
just we just kind of like we're mad at people and now i'm not gonna tell them to clap for us
that's not fair but what you can do find us on the socials of podcasts the ride merch is available
in our t public store for three bonus episodes every month check out podcast the ride the second
gate uh soon talking about what may perhaps disney's first screen ride we're going way back if
is the ultimate of them one of the ultimates of them where we're going back into the history
on the second gate should be fun uh or one more bonus episode on our vip tier club three you'll
find all of that at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride um well yeah sorry uh disneyland we'll have
to wait we we didn't talk about the finale no we didn't you're gonna have to wait uh-huh sit it out
disneyland that's fine now your time to shine yeah 2024 i think unless we unless we want to get to
sooner because we're feeling that soaring love yeah we didn't even talk about how it's so weird
that a ride at disney world in florida uh for years and years ended at disneyland in california
yes there was a ride in florida that takes you to california and specifically to camario
we'll get there yep soon okay
forever dog this has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike carlson
jason sharridan scott gairdner brett bohme joe cilio and alex ramsey for more original podcasts
please visit forever dog podcasts.
com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts
spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us
on twitter and instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on facebook
