["The Ride of the Second Gate"]
Welcome ghouls and goblins and freaks of all kinds.
This is podcast the Ride the Second Gate.
My name is-
Well no, it's, well it's haunt cast the freight,
the cemetery gate.
Shit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well that's the risk, I said you do it.
I know, I said I didn't have anything, so.
Well, at least you can make up for it
by saying your frightful name.
Frightful Narlson is here.
Great.
I'm joined by, of course, Scottlejuice.
Scottlejuice.
And I'm here with-
Jagged Slash and Drain.
Jagged Slash and Drain.
Yeah.
On the cemetery gate.
On haunt cast the freight.
That's it.
Yes.
Yeah, we're kicking off, not the whole season,
but this is the first cemetery gate
and I'm excited with where we're starting
because, well, history might be an overreach.
I don't know about that.
But it is, certainly a pattern has been broken.
That's right.
Because what this, the haunt cast season has become
is when Mike goes and does haunts because he likes them
and then he tells us about them when we're not there.
It becomes a show and tell vacation slides.
But this time I didn't want, I wanted to be in the slides.
Right.
Literally, if they have them.
And thus, kind of for the first time, right?
I went to a Halloween event.
I went to a haunt with you.
Well, you went to a Halloween event,
but more importantly, you went in multiple-
Multiple.
Multiple mazes with scare actors.
You're absolutely right.
It's the big deal of this episode.
Wow.
You know what, and you're right.
We were talking when we were parting ways last night
about, well, what am I gonna say?
I don't wanna reveal my opinions
but I felt like my opinions are kinda simple.
And you said, Scott, you were overlooking
the big thing here.
You went in every maze.
I went in every maze.
Every maze.
That this event offered.
And we have not said the name of the event.
No, it's a big deal too.
The event is why I could not stay away from this.
I don't hear the name Halloween Horror Nights and laugh.
I don't giggle when I hear not scary farm.
Maybe I would in the seven, but you know,
when it was new, probably got laughs out of people.
Barry is scary.
But anyway, I just so enamored was I
with the phrase Shacktoberfest.
Oh, I tell you-
How could I possibly stay away?
So good.
It's good.
I mean, you're a big diesel stan.
You love the DJ.
You love the-
Absolutely.
You like Thoughty's on the Floor.
His song, one of his many songs
where he's driving a Mack truck.
Yeah, Thoughty's on the Floor, sure.
That's right.
And I never cared for the song,
That's How I Beat Shack,
because I don't wanna hear about that.
I don't wanna hear about anybody beating Shack,
even if it's a child's fantasy.
So that's on the band.
That was on my do not playlist at my wedding.
Sure.
I know DJ, you're gonna be tempted to play
That's How I Beat Shack, but not tonight.
Not on my watch.
Your wedding speech was just reading
the dozens of franchises that Shack has.
Like a few Papa John's, a few-
We're gonna get a little bit into that,
but yeah, for sure.
Shack is one of, I was saying this,
I love his strategy as far as getting associated with brands.
It doesn't feel so calculated like a rock.
You know, like a rock-
Well, I heard you saying this last night.
Where there's like an attempt to like,
if he's developing it from the ground up,
that is gonna be a luxury brand
if he's attaching himself to something that exists already.
He's tweeting-
To the best there is.
He's tweeting like statistics about the water,
or the energy drink he has today.
And you're like, this sucks.
Like, this is so annoying.
Like, just like, Shack is just like, what do you got?
Okay, general, great, got it.
Video game, I'm a fighting superstar, great, done.
Like, that's so much more fun than kind of this like,
really calculated version of like,
world domination in a way.
I think he does like, the ultimate big ticket
blockbuster version of like,
yeah, how this all started, which is like, you know,
a retired football player endorses a used car lot.
Yes.
He just, he doesn't do that.
That's not what it is.
He does the biggest brand version,
a Shack sized used car lot.
Yes, that's perfect, yes, I love it.
It's brands of the people, I think.
I agree, and especially doing something like this,
which can't be, this can't be a massive moneymaker for Shack.
I'm sure it makes some money, but it's not like,
this is not a theme park that people go to year round.
Well, and especially when you add up
how much time he's putting into it.
I mean, maybe the number would look good on paper,
but once you add it up, all the many hours,
and you'll listen, you'll understand when we explain
the level of Shack presence that is so evident
in every beat of Shack Doverfest.
Of course.
So it ends up being less than a minimum wage for him
once you add it all up.
That's true, so. Sure.
But yeah, I have a list of some of them,
we'll talk, we can talk about later,
but really what it is is right next to the Queen Mary
in Long Beach.
Some might say the parking lot next to the Queen Mary.
You could call it that.
Kind of. Kind of, yeah.
It's pavement for sure.
Using the Queen Mary as a backdrop.
Yes, the historic ship in Long Beach, California.
My old stomping ground,
which I used to one of our first trip reports.
One of the first second gates ever, yes,
was your little trip to. Venturing,
found the Queen Mary on the Chase Travel Store,
and learned it was incredibly cheap
because they had not really updated the rooms.
Now, I believe there is a new owner,
they have redone the room somewhat.
They still lease a good amount of the ship
to haunted tours and haunted events.
Yeah. Especially this time of year.
Like Shacktoberfest.
Such as Shacktoberfest.
This was done out of the remnants,
the pre-COVID remnants of another event called Dark Harbor,
which I never made it to,
but you can guess some aspects of it,
I would say from the title,
that the nautical theme will be very strong,
and then this will be a lot of dead men of the sea,
Yes.
and perhaps pirates and such.
You can picture all this.
And somebody, some visionary came and said,
all right, yes, all of that Queen Mary, yes, pirates, yes,
but how about also Shack?
Okay, well, do we scale back some of the pre-exist?
No, no, we just put Shack also there.
Yes, and then we add things to Shack,
like that, oh, he's a captain now.
Yes.
Shack also has a nautical past.
In some cases, it's like an evil Shack or a monster Shack,
but in others, it is a living, regular captain Shack.
Right.
If I could ask for a spoiler, any general representation?
Do you see that?
I was talking to Anthony Geo on text,
and he asked the exact same question,
is there any general around?
And no, the answer, not that I saw.
They're becoming, they're inseparable now.
It's like Conan talks about he can't go anywhere without,
being asked about Jordan Schlansky, his foil,
and that's, I think, Shack and the general,
instead, they're a classic comedy team now.
Yeah, it's time for another wave.
It's time for another wave of Shack and general.
I hope, I mean, unless it's over
and he's moved on to a different insurance, I don't know.
It could be.
Who knows?
We haven't even talked about the real Mazes,
but if you were to get the general,
I mean, it makes sense.
I don't know what he's the general of,
but there's some kind of military enlistment feel
to some of what we did.
Absolutely.
So seeing kind of, I guess I don't wanna see him dead.
Because that's what I'm flashing to, is kind of a zombified,
but I don't wanna see that little body splayed out.
I don't wanna, that would make me so sad.
You're saying see the general dead.
I don't wanna see the general, yeah,
I don't wanna see the general's corpse.
Can you imagine if you look down
and saw that little body on the ground?
No, my boy!
The audience doesn't know what we're talking about.
The general is an insurance,
is that the name of the insurance, the general?
Or like the general insurance?
And there's like a little CGI man who's kind of tiny
that Shack interacts with on these commercials.
And he's like, I don't know,
he looks like almost a cereal box mascot.
Yeah, he's a little CG character.
I think the Haunt would be about bad car insurance.
Because you can do parodies of other companies,
like Quicksilver is Mercury, No State is All State.
And he's showing you what happens.
He's showing you what happens.
We could add, if the Shacktoberfest team
could add you next year.
Is it like, Geico is like Blecho.
Yeah, that's good.
Like Mad Magazine would do it.
And he shows you the dangers of poor car insurance.
Wow, wow.
Which is like, well, all right,
as you started saying that, I was flashing to like,
what you guys have described, these horrible things
that you see at pre-prom, like the warnings about drinking
and driving, where bodies have gone through the windshield.
I was flashing to that,
but then I was like, that doesn't make sense.
That wouldn't make, the insurance wouldn't make you
go through the windshield.
So a scene of insurance going badly is just somebody with,
somebody who suffocates in a house of their own bills.
Okay, that's more. The bills are piled up so high,
they get them so frequently that it falls on them
and then just, you know, you see just like one toe.
Just like flicker in a little.
Which is a wicked witch from, with the laws.
Like the last, you're watching a man suffocate
under his own pile of insurance bills.
Yes, yes, that's good, yeah.
Yeah, pretty scary.
So then that would be a good way to make some more money
is to get all the other Shack endorsements involved.
I mean, we're blue-skying already.
I don't even know, when I was there last time,
I thought this is perfect.
This doesn't need anything to be upgraded,
but now this is a good idea.
Yeah, it's really good.
And then you do the signups right then and there.
A lot of these, you know, I think there's a pretty like,
we haven't talked about this much on the show,
but there's a pretty, like, there's product placement
in parks and then there's the very brazen,
here sign up for a credit card
while you're here in Universal Studios or whatever.
I don't think anybody's incentivized to do that,
but if you go through a maze
and you're scared into doing it,
I'm signing up for whatever that is.
Yeah, I mean, we got in, I mean,
I guess we could talk about it.
We got asked the question in the middle
of the last maze we went on too.
Yeah, that's right.
And like, I was willing to do whatever that person said
in that moment too.
So like, if they were just like,
hey, sign up for this credit card
or sign up for this insurance, I go, okay, yeah, where?
And I just like fill it out real quick and do it.
So it gets you out of there sooner,
because if you're here and like,
also like there's big like noises and metal hits,
I'm like, okay, better write fast, but also legibly,
don't wanna get my address wrong.
So for sure.
Well, agreed.
That's, you know, sorry to have a plus up right away,
but yeah, of course, General would be great,
but you know, something to dream about
for Shacktoberfest three,
because this is the second year of it, I believe.
It all reset in COVID, Dark Harbor, goodbye.
I don't know how Shack came to be a part of this,
but I'm so glad he is.
I'm so glad he threw his hat.
From the moment we walked up to it, I go, oh, this is great.
Like I thought it was gonna think it was less great,
but enjoy it.
But as soon as we got up, I go, oh, this is wonderful.
Yeah. I really, okay,
because if you're not in Los Angeles
and you haven't seen billboards,
probably the smaller billboards,
they didn't spring for the, you know,
if you've seen some of those, you know,
the half-size billboards advertising this, you know,
maybe you just see the word Shacktoberfest,
but maybe you see,
I'd say the main way he's contributed to this experience,
which is a photo of him holding his hand out,
and then a very like digital cliparty Jack Lantern
is putting his hand.
Yes.
And then you see this and you think, all right,
graphic design leaves something to be desired.
And also, I'm not sure I understand how this ties together.
What is this?
I don't know that I've previously associated Shack
with being some kind of master of horror.
So, how's this gonna work?
And I'm fully prepping.
This also helps get me in the door, right?
I'm like, well, then we can do one of those episodes
where we go to a hokey thing, we poke fun at it,
and we park, we're led to our parking by nothing
but very young teenagers.
Okay, the first thing is we drive in
and there's different like attendance
scanning tickets for parking.
And I make a note that everyone literally looks 15 to 17.
These people look under 18.
So, it's completely, this part is staffed by teens
and real like not 19 year olds, absolutely like 16 year olds.
Long Beach High School's finest temporary seasonal workers.
Yeah, and they're all wearing big like the vests
that are reflectors on them.
But they all look too big.
They all look like they're not fitted correctly
because of their undersized teenage bodies.
So, that's the first note.
So, you start to think, all right,
I see where this is going.
It's gonna be a dumb thing full of teens.
And then you scan your way in, you head into security line
and it all changes when you see the entrance,
which is a big inflatable scary shack.
It's huge, a giant, Jason, I'll show you a photo of this.
Yeah, it is so big.
And immediately, if you aren't delighted by this,
I don't know what's wrong with you.
There would be no way you couldn't be delighted by this.
Yeah, immediately heart melted, get it.
I'm like, I don't know,
shack and horror, how do these tie together?
One look, okay, he's holding a big pumpkin in one hand,
he's got a big like crazy battle ax in the other
and he looks a little vampire-ish.
He's very imposing.
He's grown twice his regular size at least.
Two and a half.
He is large. It's perfect.
Right off the bat, he's got a strange neck cowl.
This thing shut me up.
I'm in, here we go.
I haven't even set foot in the place
and Shacktoberfest is off to a killer start.
And you can see there's a tunnel
inside this big inflatable thing that you walk through
and it's got fog and it's got lights already.
It's a big pumpkin.
There's a bunch of dried ghoulish pumpkins
and then orange lights flashing up and down the hallway.
It's super foggy, very like choir,
dark choir kind of music.
Pretty great in right away.
Yeah, and the vibe is right immediately as well
whereas I felt like, okay, it does,
this is the haunt vibe too.
This is the legit haunt like nots or anything else.
Immediately it didn't feel so cheap in these places.
This is important.
I was leaning on you to provide context
because I'm certainly looking at it like,
I don't know, to me, I don't do these things.
This seems pretty all right.
And when I'm checking notes with you and you're like,
no, this is a real deal.
We got a real haunt on our hands.
Right, yes, and I wasn't thinking
it would be like that at all.
So I underestimated it and immediately,
I mean, I don't know if it's maybe the hardest thing to do
is throw up some orange lights
and fill a hallway with fog, but they did it.
And I immediately was like, okay, all right.
They sure did.
And now, all right, still,
I'm gonna find an issue here if I can.
Shaq's likenesses, that's one thing.
He did a photo shoot last year,
probably not again this year.
That's okay, but I really wanna feel Shaq's essence in this.
And once we've made our way through the tunnel,
we start hearing the welcome messages.
Oh, the welcome messages are so good.
We were so delighted by this.
And I don't know, I didn't say,
it's funny, because sometimes this happens
and I look around and I'm waiting for every other person
there to just be like, yeah, cheer, yeah.
And that was not necessarily happening.
But yes, Shaq has several pre-recorded messages.
I don't think he's doing them live,
like the Disneyland announcers from home or anything.
But he has several spooky announcements to make
as you enter through his inflatable body.
I've written down the copy on the,
you never knew when they were gonna hit,
so I didn't get the best video of it,
because you just would have had to been filming
for five straight minutes.
But allow me to try my best.
Calling all zombies in the flesh.
Come trick or treat on the Halloween trails,
play some games, and party the night away with me
at the ultimate Halloween one-stop shop at Shaqtoberfest.
Great, I feel so welcomed now.
Yes, and it's Walex music playing underneath it.
And yes, it's great.
I wish they were fat.
The only note I have is I just wish it was
every minute.
So constantly, yes.
Because we were waiting for more of it,
and it was taking forever.
Another copy.
Hey, I'm so delighted by these.
Hey, I see all you monsters looking good.
We got games, we got candy, food, and drinks,
and we got a Shaq-sized Halloween party
waiting just for you in.
Yeah, great. So happy.
And now you just, there's an essence there.
It doesn't matter if he, I'm assuming at this point
he's not there in person.
Yes, it did.
But he put more of his stamp on it.
It set the table for it.
And like, not all of the grounds are as good as this area.
No.
But just having that first moment going in,
like over here, really elevates everything else.
And you find that, of course,
this man is very passionate about the Halloween season.
Well, that's what he said.
I heard him say it with his own voice.
You know the Shaq man.
Nothing the Shaq man loves more than creeps and ghouls.
Honestly, my life and entrepreneurship has taken me
in such a way that I can't be here every night.
And it drives me crazy inside.
I'm tearing my hair out
that I can't be there with you in person.
Because if it were up to me,
if I didn't already commit to all these other things,
I'd be right there with you doing the Thriller dance,
seeing DJ Lovecraft.
Watching DJ Lovecraft spin on his turntables
that uses a little bone.
If you know one thing about me, so now I get it.
The man loves his horror, he loves his tricks and traits.
I mean, we are adjacent to Los Angeles,
where he played for a long time.
I think there's warm memories there.
He's one fourth of the NBA on TNT panel,
which is a very fun show.
I feel like there's not a show like that
for football or baseball.
I will check in on the NBA on TNT if I'm flipping channels.
You got Barkley.
You got Barkley, you got Kenny Smith.
Again, I can't tell you how much I would love
to not be there for the entire month of October.
I petitioned the league to not start the season
until Halloween season is over.
I said, look, I'm gonna be so miserable
and do a bad job for you
if I don't have a jack-o-lantern in my hand.
Yeah, I wish, I mean, I don't watch it,
so maybe that is what he's saying, we don't know.
Yeah, yeah, if you really, if you would just watch his face,
you will see Sheck's inner sadness.
His mind is drifting to Halloween.
If only I was in my own, I have my own hideaway
in Long Beach and I'm nowhere near it.
Captain Sheck's hideaway is unmoored without a captain.
I'm letting everyone down.
The first mate is taking the ship
and I don't trust the first mate
to give the little shots of rum,
the confusing shots of rum.
I wanna be in there.
When people walk in, I want to be towering
over the hideaway bar, handing people.
Yeah, he wants to be at the event
and then he's gotta rest up for November 1st
when all the candy's half-price.
And then if there's one thing I love more,
I'd say, all right, my interests, number three,
basketball, number two, tricks and treats,
and number one, great deals.
Great deals, you don't have that many franchises
and business endeavors if you're not like a deal guy.
Sure, yeah.
Yeah, he would, Sheck would be comfortable
with the amount of deals I get sent to,
my Twitter sends a DM to me or a text.
Very impressed, we're cut from the same cloth.
Yeah, he would understand.
Now, again, it was hard for me to get video
of those announcements, but there was,
I just found on the YouTube channel,
this is a video he made promoting this whole thing
last year, just so you get the real deal voice.
And this is gonna be a little confusing for the listener
because at some point, his voice will change.
I think it's provoked by a throat clear,
but when you hear this, know that it is still Sheck
mouthing some words, but a different voice is coming out.
So here's this.
It's me, Sheck, this year, I am taking over
Southern California for my own twist on Halloween
at Shacktoberfest!
Visit Shacktoberfest.
Visit shacktoberfest.com and sign up for early access.
Access.
Shacktoberfest.
Tickets go on sale soon.
Sorry about that.
That, interesting, my takeaway from that is that
he clears his throat to do a scary voice,
but the scary voice is easily much less scary
than his regular voice.
Well, right, it's like as if it would be like,
ah, hello there or something, like some really nasty Halloween.
You gotta go more in the demonic, like mangled direction
because there's no voice deeper than Shack.
You can't, this would work if it was,
Hey, hi, my name.
It was Rip Taylor.
Rip Taylorfest.
Yeah, that's true.
Rip Taperfest.
Oh, that's the only way it could have been better.
As if it was Riptober, Rip Taylorfest, yeah.
The confetti's gonna be spooky!
Only in October do I drop orange and black.
I save it all.
You're gonna get it all blasted right in your face.
Excuse me.
You're going to get the spookiest confetti you've ever seen.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
But Shack, it's a flawed premise,
in otherwise a perfectly executed thing.
Shack's presence can also be felt in something
that we missed, which is the block party.
I regret that we've missed this.
It's called the witching hour, maybe.
It says this ghoulish spectacle is not to be missed.
Shack will call upon his minions to rise from their graves,
slide into the streets, and escape the dark,
damp corridors of the ship to celebrate Halloween.
This only happens once a night, so don't be late, or else.
What time is it happen, does it say?
30 minutes after the festival opens.
So we were there.
Because it starts at eight?
Yeah, but we were there.
How did we miss that?
Well, we were waiting for our pals.
We were waiting for.
I guess that's what we were doing.
Andrew Coth, recent guest and friend of the show,
his friend Brian, and the ultimate friend of the show,
Buzz Buzz Skittle Scattle.
Bugmane was in the house.
Bugmane was never going to miss Shack Doberfest.
It was a great group.
So what that's describing is a very common thing
that happens at all.
I don't know actually if it happens at Horror Nights,
but it definitely happens at Nott's Heft,
definitely happens at Six Flags,
where they unleash the monsters, where the haunts starts.
And it's always a big fun event.
So we should have made a note to see that,
but I wanted to see what that looks like.
Because that's always pretty fun,
because there's a little performance.
Nott's does it where a witch is on the mountain outside
and then it goes town and makes declarations
and says we're all going to die and stuff.
And then a parade of sliders, right?
And then a parade of sliders.
And Six Flags, very similar.
So I wonder what the Shack version looked like.
I mean, I think maybe that had a little bit more pre-recorded.
Goblins, ghoulies.
He like calls upon them all and unleashes them.
Damn, now I'm upset.
Your captain is speaking.
Disembark.
This is part of the Queen Mary's 2023 reopening celebration.
You're all gonna die.
You're all going to be killed by my goblins.
This is Shack and I can't wait for you all to die.
Ha ha ha.
I've killed the general.
His little body is strewn about.
Shack is allowed to hold up the general's head.
That's okay.
I want it to be somebody.
If the general's gonna die,
it should be at the hands of somebody he loves.
There can only be one.
Ha ha ha.
Come on, you knew this was where this was going
when this campaign started.
So missed that, but then we're, all right,
we've made our way through the pumpkin portal.
Now we're in the first area,
which is called Shipwreck Graveyard.
This feature is a big water tower that says Diesel on it.
And there's a bar called Diesel's Boathouse.
Shack Diesel, DJ Diesel.
That's Shack's nickname or moniker.
I have to admit, I didn't know about DJ Diesel.
Is this a literal DJ?
Yeah.
Yeah, he spins.
This is what he goes by.
Yeah, I was asking if he was gonna DJ at the DJ stage,
but I don't think he has.
And like, if you look up DJ, like it's-
Who are you asking?
Well, I assume I was asking one of you, but maybe.
Maybe it was a ghost.
I didn't ask an employee.
I guess I assumed he'd either be at the opening
or closing DJing.
He DJ'd at, there was a Phillies game this summer
and your admission ticket to the game came with
free admission to the DJ Diesel set on the field afterwards.
Wow. Yeah.
So that is part of the whole thing.
But like, he's got some, I was looking it up,
he's got big crowds he DJs to.
He's at Fort Worth and I think maybe,
no offense to Shacktoberfest,
this crowd is not big enough to warrant
the actual DJ Diesel to show up.
Possibly not.
He was DJing at a win in Macau.
Whoa. Wow.
So this is a big crowd, this is in Fort Worth.
My God.
And I was like, that, I was like,
oh man, that would be great if he was here.
But literally, you know, this is about
a hundred times more people than were at
Shacktoberfest last night.
Yes.
Now this speaks to something that really helped me
to enjoy this event, that this was not
packed to the gills.
Yes, sure. I wonder if a little more
on a Friday or Saturday, we went on a Thursday,
which maybe like off timed it a little bit.
So I liked that.
This has been a hesitation about haunts for me.
If I am going to, if I'm gonna wait in a line
for something, for a maze, something I don't
inherently naturally wanna do,
and then I got a big line and then every like
inch of the place is crowded and it's tough to get drinks
and everything, you know, that's gonna
deter me in future haunt situations.
But this was, I guess I like one that is
fairly sparsely attended.
It's interesting, cause like, I know you,
I know what you mean by that, cause like
sometimes the crowds if you're outside get overwhelming.
But I would say that when you got a crowd
even going into a maze, it's actually less scary
because of how many, like we actually got kind of like
little solo groups to do these mazes.
And when you're at Horror Nights and it's like
a pretty big line, it's much more of like,
you're walking single file with a whole group.
So it's almost like you're missing more scares.
You're not getting direct scares a lot that way.
Really?
So you're saying what I experienced was scarier.
In some ways it was, cause like we were like,
there was a point in the last maze where like,
I think you three were back and I was with a bug upfront.
And we were just getting every scare.
There was no one in front of us, no one behind,
which that actually ends up stressing me out a little more.
Not sure. Not so much, but like more because
yeah, on Horror Nights, you can kind of go behind somebody.
You can kind of adjust your speed a little bit.
And then you're getting every other scare,
every third scare, like, and then you could see,
oh, a scare just happened.
So like in a way you did a scarier version of it last night.
In a way, did I do the scariest version of it?
Is this the scariest?
I don't know if I would go that far, but.
Well, you know what? I will.
I did the scariest haunt there is.
That's fair.
Shacktoberfest.
The last one we did was scarier.
The scariest haunt there is, says theme park journalist.
Disney Daddy.
Haunt X Disney, award-winning Disney Daddy,
and Haunt X-Part.
Haunt Daddy, Scott Kierner.
Award-winning Haunt Daddy.
It's my DJ name.
You want to change the Wikipedia to that.
Just for Halloween.
People don't do Halloween layovers
on their own Wikipedias, and I think they should.
Yeah, for this month, you're the Haunt Daddy.
Haunt Daddy.
They should enable green fonts,
little cobwebs up in the corner.
I would donate to Wikipedia if they asked for that.
They ask for donations all the time,
and I'm like, well, how many cobwebs and spiders
you putting on the page for Halloween?
How many Haunt Daddies he got?
Three single ghosts with three Caspers each.
Three dead kids, right?
We all have three.
Well, we're all in the ghost family.
We're the Haunt Daddies.
Only for Halloween.
Only for Halloween.
Disney Daddy switched to be the Haunt Daddies.
Yeah, well, it doesn't have the alliteration,
but it's still pretty good.
It happened again.
Our three sons died again.
For October.
All of us?
Just October, though.
Just October.
Nine.
Yeah, we had to bring nine sons back
at the wishing hour on the 31st.
I will say this, though.
Some of the mazes, there was one maze in particular
where the monsters were very casual.
Well, love that.
And they were just like.
I don't remember which one.
I felt like a not, you know,
I didn't feel like any of it was so aggro.
No, it wasn't.
Which was the casual one?
The one outside when we went to,
what was the pumpkin patch or whatever it was
where we go through that one where they were
like shining ravelites on us and like dancing.
That was breezy online.
It's open air.
A lot of this was open air,
which I said that does make actually
a little less stressful.
Because when we were inside
and there's a little more like tight quarters.
Oh yeah, there's the one where they like
kind of funnel you through a coffin.
Like if you go through the coffin shape,
but then that the tunnel always has the coffin dimensions.
Like the angular nature of it.
Yeah.
Well, you don't get something that's,
a pumpkin patch I feel like is immediately calming.
Well, maybe a regular pumpkin patch,
but here we're dealing with a diesel's pumpkin patch.
This is one where apparently it was touted
that he programmed the mix.
Like DJ Diesel prepared the set list.
Well, I would hope so.
Yeah, yeah, that's the least he could do.
It is his pumpkin patch.
I believe.
Remember we heard DMX?
Yeah, I was trying to remember what it was.
I might have always packed that ass up, but it's not.
No, it was DMX.
It was y'all gonna make me lose my mind up in here.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Kind of like a remix with sort of like melted sometimes.
Up in here.
Yeah, I can't remember if that was because of the DJ
or if that was playing on a different speaker.
There were like separate areas
with separate types of music playing as well.
That didn't seem to bleed that much.
No.
I was impressed by that.
For a temporary event.
But anyway, you're right.
You would think, and it actually do a good job of this,
I think, that it does seem like
a regular family fun pumpkin patch.
But what you don't realize, especially until,
you especially don't realize it
until you look at the website later,
things are very amiss at this pumpkin patch
because the story of this.
Did you somehow know the story or ever look it up?
I didn't know the story before.
I was looking at the things here.
You didn't know the continuity of the pumpkin patch
going in.
No, I should have.
That would have made it.
I would say it was not necessarily conveyed
with the signage or anyone weaving an oral history
before you went in because this is,
it belongs to an evil pumpkin worshiping cult
called the Cult of the Calabaza.
So these are, these are pumpkin worshipers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And one can only assume pumpkin fuckers probably too.
I would think.
Well, they like it that much.
What else are they gonna do?
They worship it, yeah.
It's bound to happen.
Yes, we also did something bad on this maze.
We did?
Yes, we did.
Oh, you fucked the pumpkins.
We took five minutes.
Not the same, we each picked our own.
Then we, yes, we traded and mixed and matched,
but we didn't share though.
No, I've used.
Both of you have hall passes.
It's just a photo of a local pumpkin patch.
There was a pumpkin with a wig on.
A pumpkin with a wig on.
This is a regular,
and it's not even a pumpkin like carved
to like be good at oral sex.
That's just a big toothy, basic jack-o-lantern, please.
It's a normal pumpkin.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it doesn't,
it's not some weird pervert pumpkin.
It's a normal jack-o-lantern.
I wanna see, I wanna fit my stuff between those big teeth,
the two big buck teeth.
I've heard of them.
It's never been shared on the podcast.
Seated for your pleasure.
Well, then when you're done,
it's seated for your pleasure, you know.
The pumpkin fleshlight,
the jack-o-lantern fleshlight,
only sold for these 30 days,
magical days of Halloween.
Yeah, so there's a whole narrative,
and there's like a pumpkin god.
I mean, you kinda piece some of,
I mean, I didn't really piece it together,
but there's a big,
there's big crazy robots in this place.
Animatronics. Wow.
That are good.
And they do a pretty good job for the most part,
hiding them, so you're around a corner,
and then like, what do you mean there's an animatronic in here?
It's huge, as tall as the room we're in right now,
but maybe taller, and moving,
and we can get, if we want, we could probably give it,
we can give it a hug, and maybe get hurt by it,
because it's moving its arms around so wildly.
Swing away the other way, yeah.
I mean, we could probably break it easily too,
but it was, there's a ton of stuff like this.
Yeah. Holy shit. Animatronic game.
Giant snakes and weird stuff.
There were a bunch of crucifixions that happened,
there were a bunch of like,
that was an odd, just a field of pumpkin sacrifices.
Yes.
Dark, dark Halloween. But what did we do that was bad?
Oh, we brought our drinks through the maze.
Oh, see, that's just you, I didn't.
Oh, you finished yours?
No, you know what, I was like, I gotta drive.
Scott did the same, followed the rules.
I ended up following the rules.
I poured a little of, I poured my remainder out,
because I had to drive,
Oh, wow.
and the Mai Tais at Tiki Terror were fairly strong.
That's true, they were, yeah.
Kind of was, right?
We both had Mai Tais, and mine wasn't quite done,
and I saw you clearing your cup,
so I thought you still had it in there.
No, I just wanted to, obviously,
just wanted to keep that priceless cup here.
I fucking lost it.
I'll give you mine.
No, that's okay, I have too many novelty cups
from Halloween events.
It's a whole cupboard.
Multiple cupboards, yeah.
It's a whole cabinet.
It's your only glassware.
Yeah, that's what I drink out of.
So I walked it through, and I was hiding it.
I was like, being bad, I hid it.
I never took a sip, though.
I didn't want anyone to see.
I think a scare actor or two saw it,
and maybe clocked it, but they really,
they would have had to tell him later,
because they shouldn't break character.
To be like, ah, what are you doing?
What are you drinking?
You're drinking in the maze again.
I'm like, next break, the next time I get to leave here.
You're going out of the list.
I will wait till Shaq hears about this.
We will tell him.
I'll get home, do my homework, and then I will.
And then I get to the end of the maze,
and they're like, Shaq wants to talk to you.
I'm like, what?
He's here.
Yeah, I'm so sorry, man.
You gotta get out of here.
You broke the rules of Shaqtoberfest.
You're led through another scary long pumpkin portal,
where then you just reach an office bungalow,
a temporary office bungalow,
and it's like the boss on dinosaurs,
where the room is too small for him.
It's Shaq at a desk in a bungalow
meant for a five foot five man.
And he's working on like logistics of every,
like, what do you mean we're out of funnel cakes?
We should have ordered enough funnel cakes
for a Thursday night,
and he's yelling at something on the phone,
and he puts up the finger like one second to deal with me.
Covered in flop sweat, he's got suspenders on.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
If we have to retire the pinks license,
then we can't,
we can get regular hot dogs in here tomorrow.
We already have hot dog bonus.
Does pinks mean that much to us, really?
On a stick, according to the map.
I told you it was redundant anyway.
Too much hot dog penetration.
People are gonna get confused.
But yeah, Shaq, he puts you on a list.
He's like, breaks my heart to have to do this.
I don't wanna rob anyone of Halloween joy.
But I have to make an example out of you.
I wouldn't do this to my worst enemy.
You will wear a sandwich board.
I wouldn't do this to Putin.
Even Putin deserves a happy Halloween.
We will refund your admittance,
but parking was through third parties,
so I can't give you that back.
That goes directly to the 15 year olds.
They have it literally in cash.
It's for textbook money.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, the third party is the Long Beach High School
prom fundraiser.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
That's going to a good cause then.
Better a car wash.
And the prom is at the Queen Mary probably.
So, love pumpkin.
When we got to the end of it,
King Koth noted that there was a crate
where you could look through and very easily see
where they were hiding the stockpile of Fog Juice.
Oh yeah, yeah.
So, and this is maybe something to keep an eye out for
as we become bigger experts in the area of haunts
and therefore Fog Juice, maybe learning our different types.
Yeah, smart, yeah.
Because Koth noticed the brand,
the brand is Backwood Bay,
which is not the company,
but a sub-brand within Froggy's Fog.
And it seems like a high end one.
It says it leaves no odor
and it lasts two to three times longer than Techno Fog,
spelled with a K.
So, if you're going to buy from Froggy's Fog,
I think they bought the best Froggy's Fog.
So, again, top tier items.
Good job, Shaq.
Maybe one of these years we'll review Fog.
We'll find a way to review Fog.
Get a Fog machine, get a couple,
oh, and then do it just like wine tasting.
Maybe, yeah.
Now I detect some chemicals.
I detect my own brain rotting.
Oh my.
This one actually clears my sinuses
a little bit more than Foggy's Fog, okay.
These are the positive effects.
The negative effect is that
I feel like I'm gonna pass out.
The previous one clogged my sinuses.
This one cleared it, you know.
So, the middle, where I grew up,
the middle school, the high school,
and the community theater all shared one Fog machine
for plays and stuff.
And I feel like they just always bought
the same pina colada scented fog juice.
Oh wow.
And it became very comforting to me.
It's like, ah, play season.
Pina colada.
Every play you had a Fog machine?
They would find a way.
Which do you remember specifically a play?
A lot of those pioneer services company
with like 30 characters.
Oh, like the junior high,
like what we talked about. The junior high.
Crazy camp.
Right. Yeah, yeah.
So we're starting like,
and now this year's production of Sweeney Todd.
And then like,
why does it, what's this island smell?
I don't know why the music man would have Fog.
Carousel has some like dark moments.
Anything in Britain,
anything in like turn of the century or earlier London,
you can just, ah, scene at the docks,
Fog machines going, you know.
We're doing ordinary people,
but here's the thing,
when they're in the locker room,
it's real foggy because of steam.
So we're using the Fog machine again.
It's pina colada scented.
Yeah.
The fog represents the turmoil.
Yeah.
Death of a salesman.
It's a leaky pipe in his sad home, you see.
Well, when he turns the car on
and he tries to kill himself in the garage,
it's a fog machine with a colada scent.
Sweet relief.
Sweet pina colada scented relief.
So I guess you're right.
Now that we've been brainstorming,
you can use a fog machine in almost any different play.
You're putting productions on.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, that makes sense.
I don't think I ever got to do a play with a fog machine.
I think all mine.
Have I said on the show that my mom
directs elementary school plays to this day?
I think so.
Yeah.
She did a very good Aristocats last year.
No fog in that.
Where's Aristocats in London?
Where's Aristocats?
Are they wandering around?
No, France.
France.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Well, they got fog in France.
That's by a river.
A great production of Ordinary People Junior.
Ordinary Little People.
Wow.
So I'm trying to, oh, this show,
the play I was in was Rehearsal for Murder.
We did not have a fog machine.
Although we could have used it for the flashback scenes
now that I'm thinking about it.
That was in high school.
It's a good way to indicate you're going into a flashback.
Yeah, communicate with fog.
Bad play.
Very bad.
This is not, we can talk about other mazes
in that I did the mazes,
but the absolute highlight of the night occurred,
I think, after the pumpkin patch,
which was in the same pumpkin zone.
There was just a big, not bounce house, a bounce field.
Bounce floor.
What would you call this?
A bounce floor, sure, absolutely.
As lined with haystacks.
As big as this room, I would say the floor was.
It's a big, we're recording in a bigger room also.
If it was just a garage.
Maybe, but this is at least two garages.
At least, yeah.
Yeah, it was pretty massive, and you think,
well maybe us, some late 30s men should not be up there
with some children who are at this haunted event,
but I'm like, it's also enough room.
I think we're not crossing paths.
I don't think we're bumping any of these kids.
My time on this bounce floor,
some of the most elated I've been.
You looked like one of the kids jumping.
He was having so much fun.
I was so happy.
Sprinted over there, lose the shoes,
sprinted over there, bouncing up and down,
just in the way you imagine a commercial
of a kid jumping on the bed or something,
with just that pure kid joy of bouncing up and down.
Yes!
Fists in the air.
I got a video, Ken Coth took a video
that I was very pleased to see after the fact.
That shit that reads.
What doesn't read is that I would just,
I'd hit runs, right?
I'd like for, this 12 seconds, I'm moving great,
I'm making good time, I feel like I'm on the moon,
and then like, okay, oh my God,
oh flop sweating, dear God.
And this is probably, I had just consumed the pina colada,
and there of course had been the free shot
at Captain Chex's hideaway.
So alcohol's maybe the most hitting at this point,
and then like, oh my God, bounce floors are hard.
You felt the same way, right?
That was nutty.
Yeah, I for sure felt the same way,
because I had just finished the drink.
I also felt, I felt the same way,
because I did something that I thought would be fun,
and that ended up hurting me a little bit in it.
You did a little like flip, or a jump?
Well I did, so I immediately when I jumped on there,
I took a professional wrestling back, flat back bump,
onto the bouncy house,
because I like, when I get in bounce house,
I like doing wrestling moves or something,
or I like tumbling, I like flipping around.
And I haven't been on one of these in many years.
So I landed on my back, I was like, oh yeah, that's fun,
I popped back up, ran around,
and yeah, it's hard on your legs and stuff.
And then when, a lot of the kids were sort of cleared out
by the time I got off.
So I went, okay, I feel comfortable just doing,
basically just jumping.
Okay, now is it because you were on it, or?
I don't know, I wasn't, you were making,
you were going way up and back.
So like you were doing much, I felt like you were like,
if anyone was clearing the kids out,
you chased them away, but I'm not accusing you of that.
Because I don't think, I think for whatever reason,
the kids-
Those kids seem committed to being there.
There were still kids there when-
Bug was on there, you were on there, I was on there.
And I don't think the three of us in tandem
chased children away, it's possible, but I don't think so.
We didn't all put on demonic voices.
No.
And say, we'll bounce you straight to hell.
We didn't go, ahem, and then go, ah, go to hell,
you kids, or whatever, like we didn't do that.
So a lot of kids were going, I go, okay,
I think I'll comfortably, I can comfortably do
just kind of a jumping forward roll,
like into a somersault.
And I did it, and I forgot that because of a year
of rocking a baby to sleep and carrying a baby,
there's definitely something going on with discs
in the upper part of my neck, that anytime I'm like
walking up a hill or doing something,
I can feel a little bit like,
ah, that's a little too tight, that's different.
So I did this thing, I did this forward roll
onto the bouncy floor, and immediately went,
oh shit, oh no, that's not good.
And like, the rest of the night, I was like,
if you know, not that it was so crazy,
but I kept massaging to try to get this knot
worked out of my spine.
And I went, that is really, that makes me really sad
that I can't do a simple tumbling act on a bounce floor
at this age without feeling some sort of pain or uncomfortable.
A perfect age to be doing such things
as often as you want.
Yeah, so I gotta look, I gotta get back on DDPY,
I gotta do some yoga again,
I haven't been keeping up with that.
I gotta do a massage.
Cause I gotta get a massage place in Fairbank,
I'll send ya.
All right, Jason winked at me too,
I don't know what that means.
You'll be amazed at what these senior citizens,
these senior citizens can absolutely destroy you.
Well, that's what you want, you want somebody to go,
oh my God, I mean, this person's incredibly strong,
cause they've been doing this for decades.
So yeah, so anyway, it feels fine today,
but there was a good 20 minutes where I was like,
oh man, this isn't good.
And then it was just like sore the rest of the night.
Hey, this is Shaq, DJ Diesel,
just reminding you any injuries incurred
on the pumpkin floor are not the responsibility
of Shaqtoberfest LTD.
That's right, there's no nurse on the premise.
I don't know what you think this is,
Disneyland or Universal, we do not have a nurse.
There's no infirmary, Captain Shaq's infirmary to go to.
If you drunkenly fall off the ship into the harbor,
we will not rescue you, but we will recover your body
and use it as a future cadaver in the dead man's chest maze.
The Catalina Express ferry will scoop you up with a big net.
If you suffer a minor cut or abrasion,
DJ Lovecraft does have a first aid kit behind his DJ console.
If you want to go up and tap him on the shoulder,
he can give you a band aid or some antiseptic.
DJ is also the nurse.
He is also the closest thing we have to a nurse.
One of Shaq's major cost cutting measures.
It's the reason we can do this event at all.
But he can only help you in between sets.
So you'll have to wait it out.
Please wait for him to finish his song.
If the music cuts out, it might be one of those,
you know, dramatic dropouts where then it comes back in
louder than ever.
So use your DJ.
So luckily I did not have to go to the hospital after that.
I didn't collapse myself, collapse my vertebrae.
I heard that was a, that was a blast.
That was a real highlight of it.
Yeah. It's the most fun.
Now in terms of our strategy with this thing,
we were weighing several options.
Yes.
This is a fairly inexpensive event to go to
if you want it to be,
but you start getting enticed by add-ons.
And this is where your haunts expertise
or just like, you know,
your like ripoff radar was going off a little bit.
And I'm glad that it was because I was like, I don't know.
It feels like maybe we're going to want to do
the VIP slam dunk admission where for only triple the price.
We not only get, I mean, I'll say we got,
we did do some of this, but it's like the front of the line.
First of all, don't gotta wait for any of these mazes.
That sounds good.
And also you get access to the VIP slam dunk bar and lounge,
which offers you sweeping views of Shacktoberfest.
Yeah.
We did not opt for this.
You said, maybe this event will not be populated enough
to justify needing a front of the line pass.
And then look, and then look at us.
There we were waiting in three minute lines, sometimes four,
because we foolishly didn't triple the money we gave them.
Sometimes no wait at all.
Sometimes.
Literally no wait.
Walk through the line into the maze.
Sometimes the only wait was how long it took
to get through all of the barricades meant for
an hour long wait that were totally empty.
Yes, my suspicion was correct.
And when you're looking at that,
you're imagining the worst Disneyland scenario of a line.
And it's not the case necessarily at Shacktoberfest,
especially on a Thursday.
Absolutely.
Now, another issue with this clearly became now,
was I jealous?
I very much, once I saw it,
wanted to go to the VIP slam dunk bar and lounge.
However, I realized that is not quite on the ship,
but a little platform next to the ship.
And it does offer you sweeping views of Shacktoberfest,
but guess what?
You can't see the ship.
So what are you looking at?
A parking lot full of carnival rides.
I can see that from the ground.
And the city of Long Beach, I guess, probably.
But also you're turned around from the pretty view.
Oh yeah, you're right.
You're looking at where all the shipping crates
are lifted up.
Maybe.
The tall freeway.
You can see a little freeway.
I think it's probably.
Mostly just like dark ocean.
So I think we made the right call here.
Any potential future Shacktoberfest goers,
that's my advice to you.
And you're gonna have to make up your own mind.
I don't know if I can endorse or not endorse
the add-on that we did do, which is the captain's combo.
Now I discussed with you my desire to do the upcharge,
which got us into Captain Shack's hideaway,
which inside one of the mazes, Pirates Cove,
is a secret lair.
Captain Shack's hideaway, which is so secret
you can only find out about it on the website
of Shacktoberfest.
And there you will toast to the pirate's life
with a complimentary shot of rum punch,
probably brewed up by Shack himself.
Of course, yeah.
He took a big ore, grabbed it right off the ship,
brewed it up in bulk.
So I wanted to do that.
And you said, well look, if we're gonna be doing that,
why not save $5 and gain access also
to the engine room experience?
Of course.
We'll be saving money by that point.
We're making money, you said, I believe.
Yes, yeah.
So that is what we opted for.
What this led to was going into a bar
that fit five people, with us five people.
We were pretty quickly brushed out of there
after we took our shots. When we say a bar,
we mean the first part of a maze.
There's a room in the first part of a maze
with a little bar in it that we were very confused.
And it seemed like everybody who came in there was confused.
It was confusing.
Despite the fact that many shots were laid out,
and therefore this is probably where you take the shots,
it still felt like, huh, this is it?
And then there were two types of little shot glasses.
And I know now that one of them was just pure
Captain Morgan rum, best on the planet.
This is some luxury you're paying for
with the Captain's combo.
And then there was another shot
that was where there was juice in it,
and that makes it more of punch.
And they said, well, this one is a chaser.
I heard the word chaser, and I thought, okay, wait.
So here's the rum, and then I'll do the chaser.
And they said, no, no, no, you only get one.
Okay, but wait, wait, so one is the chaser,
the chaser is in it, okay?
And never have I felt so stupid.
There's a lot of music playing as well.
There's loud, like pirate spooky music,
I believe playing as well.
So we walk into here, which also we should mention,
we thought was a real bar.
The way it's promoted online makes you feel like,
oh, it's like kind of a little bar area.
You sit and you have a free drink,
and then you can maybe drink some more.
It is not that.
Oh, I'm imagining like Trader Sam's.
I'm like picturing this all, ooh, a hideaway in a cove.
Captain Shack's hideaway.
So I'm imagining that they imagineeered a little spa.
I don't know why I thought for this case,
this is gonna be like an incredible,
and probably like a lot of details.
Just so you know how like,
the Trader Sam's has like the letter to Indiana Jones.
I bet there's stuff like that.
There's probably a letter to the general back at home.
And maybe Kazam said, hey,
if you ever need some of my Kazam magic,
future Shacktow, it ties together the Shack-a-verse.
This is what I thought I was gonna encounter.
Yeah, Jason, go ahead.
Well, the website does feature a picture of people laughing.
Look at that room.
But you don't know what it. It looks large.
And they're also handling bottles of Fireball and Don Julio,
which I don't think they'd let guests do that.
No, this is. Yeah, not a guest for sure.
Yeah, this almost seems like it's like a tasting,
like a flight of full bottles.
It is laid out.
You know, you're right.
That picture is why I was tricked.
Does that not look like some kind of
a haunted Trader Sam's-esque environment?
Yeah, yeah, it kinda does.
I mean, I guess you could make the argument
they're wearing black.
Maybe they're working, but then where are the guests?
So yeah, you're thinking, okay, there's like a little,
I don't know that I thought it was gonna be imaginary,
but I definitely thought, okay, there's like a little room
either on the boat or on one of these little houses
or something that's a pop-up.
And yeah, it's got some seats and it's just a private bar.
It's the extra upcharge bar
and it's got a little decoration in it.
No, basically it's like if you went into a Horror Night's Maze
and the first room had shots in it.
Had a card table?
Had a card table of shots.
And you can't really hear the person
giving the shots out very well.
You can't all stand, your friends all have to stand in a line.
There's not room to make a cluster of five.
Yeah, you can't even all.
Your backs are against the wall.
And then it's in the middle of you trying to figure out
how to take the shots, another group comes in
and has the exact same questions.
The exact same questions start being asked again.
Glad this wasn't me.
What are the shots?
What are these?
And then the same confusing explanation is given again.
Well, this is Captain Morgan and it's also,
this one is the chaser.
This is the chaser and you're like,
okay, so this is a chaser I take after this?
No, no, no, no.
This is, she goes, they're the same thing.
She kept saying, they're the same thing.
That's not true.
That's literally not true.
And I go, and I don't know if I said it
or somebody else said it.
And we're just like, okay, wait.
So we take this and this, no, no, no, no, no.
It's either one, this has a grenadine in it as well.
And I go, okay, so this is just straight Captain Morgan
and this is grenadine with Captain Morgan.
Like, yes, okay.
And in the middle of that, somebody goes,
hey, so which one, which one are these?
She goes, these are the same thing.
And I'm like, wait a minute, they're not the same.
They are not, you just, it took you explaining this.
I would have been completely adrift.
Oh, Scott, don't do two.
I was holding two.
Captain Shackle will excommunicate you from his ship
if you do this.
I did not approve this value.
I did not approve a double.
So thank God I saved you from that.
But yeah, so.
Oh my God.
That was really confusing.
And it was also because for a second,
maybe we thought that Captain Shackle
was separate from this room as well.
So I go, well, maybe we're getting two shots
because they promised us a free shot in the upcharge.
So then, but then I was like, you know what?
That doesn't make sense.
There's no way you're getting an extra shot.
No, this is it.
Then you walk through a fun little maze as well.
I just say also, just before the term chaser,
maybe this person is not.
I think she might not have known the terminology.
Well, I don't think she knows.
I don't think she knows the concept of chasing
in which two separate parties are involved in a pursuit
and one is in the front and one is behind.
So a chaser implies that that is behind another thing,
thus two little glasses, which is why I picked up two.
Traditionally, a chaser follows a shot
and thus is a separate beverage.
Right, she didn't say it's a sweet,
like these are the same alcohol, it's just one is sweeter.
You can't have just the chaser.
I mean, you can, I guess,
but that's when you're drinking water.
Well, you shouldn't have a choice that you had to explain
at the start of a maze bar.
Or like you should just be one option.
Well, maybe a little sign.
That's easier, but I was gonna say little sign
and one just says Captain Morgan
and one says grenadine and Captain Morgan.
Yeah.
And then you go, okay, got it, this is just sweeter.
Also, it's the darkest room
and they're just like slightly different shades of brown.
Yeah, why?
I mean, you could sort of.
I could see that the one was a little like more opaque.
Yes, yeah.
So I was assuming, I at first absolutely thought
this is just grenadine and this is alcohol.
Yes, I thought one was just juice.
Right, that's what it looked like.
So this is down the list.
I wish the person was not as in character also
as I would have preferred
because I think we were all like, ahoy!
Like we're trying to do like, you know, fun
with everybody else. What be the difference
between these?
So does ye VIP admission give me access?
Right, right.
Are we saved four dollars?
My best to the captain and his wonderful combo.
Where do you want me to drop off the Coke can
that saves money?
So yeah, so we finally, we figured it out.
Everybody did.
I just, I did not have the grenadine.
I did the straight Captain Morgan.
I think you did as well.
I think everybody may have done that.
I don't know, maybe not everybody.
I don't know.
I didn't clock what everybody did.
But yeah, so then at that point, you go through the maze.
I like taking a shot and going straight into a maze.
Very fun. That's fun.
It was a very fun thing.
It's maybe like, yeah, like it would maybe be better
to like take a puff of some strong weed to get
like an immediate reaction.
Michael, who are you?
I'm just trying to figure out.
I'm not saying I would like I'm just saying like
it is a fun like action to do, but it's not like
all of a sudden I got buzzed in the maze or anything,
which would kind of be a fun.
It would be fun, I guess, if you like had a real
Captain Shaxx that was like what you're describing
Trader Sam's, you sit there for 20 minutes,
you do a shot, whatever.
And then all of a sudden somebody yells, go on the maze
and you got a little buzz and then you go do it.
But it's still fun.
It was still fun to like have that action
and have it be the sort of a maze.
Well, step two of the captain's combo,
just to help the single listener who hears this assess
whether to do the captain's combo.
Maybe one person listening will find themselves
in this scenario.
The other thing that you get is the engine room experience.
And we didn't know what that meant.
And I thought, okay, now we're actually dealing
with real Queen Mary stuff.
This has to be on the ship.
We're getting into the real history of it.
Sounds interesting.
Maybe is this some sort of haunted experience
deep in the bowels of a big ship's engine?
That sounds cool.
So you head towards that and you get into just a brightly
lit regular lobby of the kinds of entertainment
that you can do while you're staying there.
I don't know if you participated in any of the attractions,
Jason, when you stayed on board.
I just kind of did.
There were some self tours.
And then when I was coming back one night,
the ghost tour was coming through
and I sort of stopped and listened to some of the spiel.
And then I went back to my room.
So you stole a little of the ghost tour.
So I stole a little of the ghost tour.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I didn't know if it was gonna be like that,
but you just entered the most brightly lit room ever
that has the regular daytime banners up,
which say like,
see the sets from their finest hours,
Winston Churchill and the Queen Mary,
original sets from darkest hour.
What, Gary Oldman?
Yes, Gary Oldman, yeah.
Yes, well, I don't know if I feel the haunted nature.
I know, I know.
I was like, okay, wait.
But maybe it's, and then we saw the sign,
because there's all these just bright museum style exhibits
and there's big pictures of Walt Disney,
there's a big picture of like very young Alfred Hitchcock.
Luke Costello.
Luke Costello.
Luke, I've seen the Luke Costello photos.
It says star of Who's on First.
Star of Who's on First.
Who's on First, the movie.
Yeah, so there's a Cary Grant.
I heard they're giving Taika Waititi the Who's on First.
Oh, I heard that, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's gonna update it.
Oh, we needed to be.
Got two million up front for it.
Finally, expanding it to two hours and 20 minutes,
like old movies are legally required to be nowadays.
But how did they end up,
how did they get this team together with such unusual names?
Farm system. It just seems like,
yeah, I wanna see kind of the money ball
like interviewing every one of. AAA, AA, single A.
What's the name, sir?
What?
And then you get to do the scene
every time the new player is met.
No, I asked your name.
What?
No, the name of you, your name, what is it?
Yeah, yeah.
Hmm?
Shut up, Pearl Harbor has just been bombed.
So there is radio, stop this nonsense.
But yeah, then we went down into the engine room
and this was kind of, well, was it spooky?
I don't know what the normal lighting is
in the engine room in normal times
because I guess it was kind of like reddish light
that gave it a kind of a vibe,
but we're in like an engine room,
which is like, it was cool to be sort of
in the bowels of a ship like that
and it all looks authentic because it is.
And it's playing like big band music.
We're saying it's like graveyard jazz.
Yeah, I guess that's a better way to, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, well, but don't, don't, don't, don't.
We're saying the whole time we were making up the,
this sounds like an instrumental of a villain song
in an unpopular Disney animated film from like 98 to 2006.
We're like, here's where the villain captures the hero
and sings a song about what he's all about.
Pull up a seat.
You ain't going anywhere, not for the next eternity.
You used to be home on the range
and now you wanna be home in my slaughterhouse.
Yeah.
Yeah, so you could kind of say anything
while this was playing.
Because it just went infinitely.
We're in an engine room lit really red
and hearing graveyard jazz where we made up the entire song,
it's good to be bad.
Because it's good to be bad.
This is from like a much lesser work of Henry Selick.
Like, oh yeah, then there was that other one.
No, that's right.
Yeah, did you ever see that?
No, maybe once, maybe once in a sleepover.
It is not a small room,
but it's a small area that you can walk
on the like catwalky kind of thing.
There's a couple level, little levels,
but it's like five minutes and you've seen it.
Yeah, yeah.
And there are no monsters.
No monsters, nothing else, Halloween,
I'm sure they wouldn't allow it.
There's no room for it either.
Did you go by the indoor pool at all?
Did you see that?
No, no hotel amenities were seen.
No, no, this was like,
this one of the actual haunted places on the ship.
And when I stayed there, I walked by
and I did a double take because it looked like
there was water on, you know, kind of the reflections.
And I realized they had like theatrical lighting in there
to make it seem like it was a filled pool reflecting.
But the fact that it's an actual place
where like people have seen ghosts,
it's like, this is a weird choice.
Can you swim in it as well?
No, no, it's empty.
It's like not a working pool.
It's lighting that looks like water.
It's lighting in a historic like ship's pool.
And that's haunted.
Yeah.
There is the general haunted nature to the Queen Mary.
The website for Shacktoberfest calls it notoriously haunted.
Yeah.
It's like, is it?
And now I look into it and I suppose so.
And I guess it sounds Jason,
like if you stay there, you get a sense of that.
And there's the tours you can do.
And now let me do just the brief history lesson.
And listeners, I'm sure we've referred to this at some point,
but there was this weird period of time
where Disney owned the Queen Mary,
just operated it, leased it.
I'm got, the articles I read only confused me more,
but there was a point in time
where it was in Disney's best interest
to put a bunch of money into the Queen Mary.
This is from 88 to 92.
And this happened because they bought out
the Rather Corporation so that they could get
the Disneyland Hotel.
And thus they ended up with all this other stuff.
So I'm like, well, maybe we can,
and we talked about this in the Mickey and Friends
parking garage episode with Weiger.
They started trying to make Long Beach,
or I'm sorry, Anaheim jealous of Long Beach.
Like, well, what if, hey, we got the Queen Mary,
now maybe we start doing all our stuff over there.
Maybe Queen Mary's part of a theme park.
Maybe that's in the middle of our Port Disney thing.
Like that was an idea was to fold it into that.
But in the F, they did like,
they had bigger future plans for it,
but they kind of, it was kind of on them
to like immediately start doing something
and maybe try to turn this thing around.
Because there's always been like an albatross
kind of nature to the Queen Mary still to this day.
It might just like rot and dissolve into the sea
at some point in time.
But I didn't realize that in that 80s, 90s stretch,
there was a bunch of stuff that they did.
There was a little like 40s show that you could see
up on the deck where like Disney-esque performers
do the song Cheek to Cheek.
Yeah, yeah, so there's that kind of thing.
But then they also did, they played into the haunted thing.
There was something called haunted passages
that maybe went some of the same places that we went
in the final maze.
But I saw an article that said this was almost
haunted mansion-esque little like Disney gags
that made you feel unsettled.
This sounds okay.
It's not documented like at all.
And I think it's, I find it so odd
that there was a little Disney outpost
in a different part of the LA Orange County area.
That's never like, the photos of art have never leaked.
I don't think of that.
There's nothing if you Google.
Maybe it's in a magazine.
I remember at the time you would get Disney magazines
that would advertise the,
I was confused by the whole relationship.
And they were trying to make it all into one thing.
Because Eisner wanted his second gate.
He wanted a reason to stay longer like Disney World.
So he's like, well, you like Disneyland, huh?
Go watch, head to the Queen Mary after.
Yeah, is that close?
No, not at all.
The freeway's at least like relatively.
20 minutes now.
Not at the peak time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Certain hours a day might take an hour, 20 minutes.
But yeah, it just depends.
But they did all this stuff.
They did a little Haunted Mansion experience.
And they also, there was something called Celebrity Tales.
We were just talking about Lou Costello
and the people who were on board the ship at one time.
So Disney hired look-alike performers who would want,
you would like open a door and there would be WC Fields
or Clark Gable and they would talk to you
and talk about how their stay is going.
There was a whole little sect of,
how is there still like 1990 era Disney,
Eisner era Disney we're still finding?
Yeah, that is what, and that happened.
Yeah, that existed.
I don't think anyone took a video of it
or they didn't put it on YouTube.
No, everyone hated it.
If they did, it was very unpopular.
Imagine being in a tight space with WC Fields.
Hey, I chickened-y.
So your breath reeks, WC.
Wow, what's wrong?
Put a little hair on your chest.
I'm not asleep yet.
What do you mean you're going to sleep?
I'm gonna tuck you in.
Nightly tuck-ins for me.
Yeah, and you don't have to call to get this one.
I just show up and do it here, my little chickeny.
I'll be back at 2.30 a.m. too.
Make sure you're still asleep.
I'm climbing to bed.
I'll curl up with you too.
Rush little baby, don't you cry.
I gotta get out of here.
When I stayed at Queen Mary, I got the impression,
I saw a couple different people checking in,
and one was an older man, and he was staying five nights.
And he was like, I feel like I heard him say
he was doing a bunch of tours and going to some museums.
So he was all in on this shit.
That's why he was there.
That was why he was there.
And then I saw some other people who had had their luggage
and were mostly there because next to the Queen Mary
is the Long Beach Cruise Terminal.
And sometimes you disembark very early,
so I think they had gotten into the area.
They were staying for a night on the Queen Mary
because it was like $80.
And then they would go on their cruise ship
the next morning.
And then there was that, I remember there was that
other guy you saw with the bowler hat and the dusty jacket,
and he was half opaque.
And when he checked in, they said, how many nights?
And he said, forever.
Forever, my little chickadee.
He was like a little tramp.
Yeah, he was a little.
And he said to you, I've got an extra bed to wanna join.
Oh, well, these real estate prices.
I'd be a fool not to take them up on this.
Jason, with all the old time stars
that you could have been bothered by on the Queen Mary
when you stayed, who would you want to discuss?
And you're talking, is it one of the little rascals?
Is it one of our gang before the little rascals?
Oh, well, of the ones you mentioned,
I think Cary Grant has a reputation of being most fun.
Oh, okay.
I don't think he was mentioned, but yes, sure.
You said Cary Grant.
He was in a picture, he was in a photo,
but he was not one of the performers, Scottless.
Oh, okay, nevermind.
No, you said Mike.
I didn't say Cary Grant, yeah.
Yeah, WC, I don't know much about what he was really like.
Gregarius?
I mean, is that just a character though?
That's a good point.
It could have been like a Red Skelton.
Never touched this stuff.
Foster Brooks, I don't know.
I think he might've been a real drunk,
but I could be wrong.
Yeah, probably.
I think he was a real drunk, actually.
The more I talk it through, I think he was a real drunk.
He didn't know anyone considered it a character.
He didn't know he was in movies.
He just started talking like that.
He wasn't phony like Foster Brooks was.
Why is it so bright here?
Too many lights around.
Why they keep saying action?
The other, oh, also, wait a minute.
I'm staring right at this and didn't, okay.
A Howard Hughes impersonator was purchased too.
Well, now we have the answer for Jason.
Disney hired a guy to be Howard Hughes?
Wow, that's insane.
I know that because that big dome
next to the Queen Mary used to house the Spruce Goose.
The Spruce Goose.
And that adds a whole other creepy air to this thing
that I like a lot because that,
I've always been interested in that.
My dad's pointed that out for as long as we've been
going to that area.
The Spruce Goose and Howard Hughes in the future.
And I've never been that close to the dome.
And it looks like shit.
It's falling apart.
It looks so musty.
And it's not lit because it's not part of the thing.
So you're just like, and then off.
Also, eerily in the distance is this scary, dirty dome.
Yes.
It feels like production value they added.
I know they didn't.
Yeah.
Yes, it's like ominous.
It's ominous, almost like it's a part of a dead city
or something because it's so big and so not illuminated.
Like it might start vibrating and erupt.
Yeah.
Some strange liquid will shoot out the top.
Right.
Kind of a man-made volcano.
Well, because it's mostly populated by people
boarding Carnival Cruise Line ships.
Yeah, that's what they use it for now, I guess.
I was saying how that for a while they were using it
as a film location.
And I have to correct what I told you last night.
Oh, no.
Unless it was also used for this.
I think actually not Riddler's Lair in Batman Forever.
But in fact, the Batcave was pretty good.
And maybe Wayne Manor.
I think it opened up as this thing of like,
we need to build sets that are bigger than any sound stage
is going to hold.
Just for Batman Forever?
I saw other ones.
I think Stargate shot in there.
Do I have the list?
I'm just trying to remember if the Batcave in Batman Forever
is like, I guess it is bigger because you see.
I think it's bigger than the Burton ones.
Yeah, because you see you really get
the good shot of the Batmobile and then the Batwing
is in there too.
I think that's CGI though.
But yeah, I guess it is a little bit bigger seeming.
Last actual hero shot in there apparently too.
Yeah, so it became, this must be kind of pre,
because now they started doing,
then they built all the stuff in like Playa Vista.
So now if you want the massive hang
or you go to even Atlanta or whatever.
So, but I think that was a,
it was yet another thing in the failed armada
of stuff that Long Beach was trying to do with this area.
The whole thing is in the bones of some of the mazes
we were saying are in these odd little like,
what is this little, it looks like the thing in San Diego
or there's a lot of towns that have little seaport village
kind of like little quaint cottages and stuff.
And which makes it cool before you go into some
of these mazes, they're like,
well they're really cool from the outside.
And that was a whole failed thing called London Town.
I think it had a couple names, but Disney owned that too.
Disney owned all of that.
That was a little like storybook land
that Disney could have like turned
into a little fantasy land experience
and then it was never in their financial interest to do it.
So it's a cool thing about Schachtoberfest.
You're in mazes in the rotting husk
of something that Disney owned over 30 years ago.
That Eisner had to oversee.
That's the extra special part.
He must have been, yeah, he had to walk the ground.
He'd get an update on like the roof caved in
because too many rats were mating on top of the roof
of the London village.
Half the guests of the Long Beach,
of the Queen Mary have left
because of the WC Fields performer.
We have to replace him.
He's too in character, sir.
And isn't there another outcrop of like,
you know, taffy shops and like restaurants.
Yes, confusingly, I forget the name of the area.
This thing called Parker's Lighthouse,
there's a yard house over there.
There's a Truffles the Bear.
That might be the closest area in the LA area
where you can see our favorite sad bear truffles.
Yes, I took a picture with that truffles
and sent it to you.
So that is, you kind of have to take a shuttle bus
from the Queen Mary to get to, it's like,
Oh, and the tourists. Yeah, those aren't close at all.
They're not close at all.
This is, I think, some of the problem with Queen Mary
and this little village is that it's a completely
different area than the aquarium and the Pike Mall,
which has a Bubba Gump's at it.
Like there's all that, that's a whole zone.
And then like, all right,
I'll just pop over the Queen Mary.
No, you won't.
That is a big haul.
I don't think there are direct boats to get you there.
There used to be a freebie tourist bus that would hit
like the aquarium, the yard house area, the Queen Mary,
the lighthouse, and God knows after COVID what it's doing.
If it's still running.
I don't know.
And then that's one of those where you got to step back
and go, Disney almost owned all of that.
The Port Disney plan would have been everything
we just described is all Disney.
What a weird alternate Los Angeles that would be.
Well, right, because then you flash right to Disney Sea.
Yeah, and it all did grow out of that.
And the fact that there is the Queen Mary
as Scotiabiner in Disney Sea
is completely started there, I think.
Yes.
So it's- We would have had, oh, that is,
and also what if they'd gotten that done
before it all fell apart, before Euro Disney,
because Baxter's part of that, right?
We might have had an even better Disney Sea in this city.
Yeah, and it would have been something weird
because it would be like you have to choose one day
to drive 90 minutes between,
you'd have to have chosen one park.
It would have been odd of the distance.
Yeah, yes, as opposed, yes, Disney World,
all the parks are a little far, far apart,
but they're all on one big sprawling property.
Disneyland, Disney has two parks an hour apart,
maybe about an hour, depending on-
Depending on traffic.
Probably a fleet of buses.
Probably like the Florida, less than the Florida,
but like just a million gas guzzling buses
running between the two.
There is that, if you take the fly away
from Union Station to LAX,
there's like a lane that the bus goes in
that does cut down on some of the time,
so I wonder if-
If Eisner had established the mouse lanes, then yeah.
If there was a mouse lane.
Or maybe he would have come up with the boring idea
before Elon.
He would have built tunnels, Mickey Mouse-shaped tunnels,
it's a big circle, and then ears on top,
and that's a bullet train that shoots under
all those cities in the South Bay,
rattles apartments for miles, destroys, just caves in,
thousands of people lose their homes
to the Disney bullet train.
After a few years, yeah,
it just destroys everything in its path.
Yeah, so he would have had to figure something out,
but just the isolated park, if it was Disney Sea level,
I mean, it would have been nuts.
Yeah, yeah.
And also-
Maybe they would have closed Disneyland.
I was gonna say-
No point, not as good.
Well, I was gonna say the opposite too,
is that like Disney Sea is kept up so well.
Everything is so immaculately taken care of.
This is important, yes.
And it is, I would think the elements,
meaning like the ocean being right there,
would take a little more of a toll on a park.
And the air in California being markedly worse than Japan.
Yes, all of that together,
and yeah, the ocean being right there,
and wind, and et cetera, et cetera.
I could imagine that if they had not kept this up,
what Disney Sea and Long Beach looks like.
Oh yeah, they don't have the unlimited money spigot
of like the world's land company.
They don't wanna spend, yeah.
So what does it look like?
What does it look like in the down years,
and the pressler years, like especially?
I mean, it looks like even,
maybe I like the collapsing version
even better than the new version.
Maybe.
So I would be there all the time.
You know, there's this weird decaying Disney park,
and they ended up not wanting it anymore,
so they sold it to Six Flags,
and then they just like, they just sold it to Best Buy.
It was the first Best Buy theme park for a while.
Best Buy ports.
Uh-huh.
This is the weirdest part of the city.
I'd be there every weekend.
Yeah, yeah, no, I'm not saying it would be bad.
I'm just imagining,
I was first imagining Tokyo Disney Sea,
and then imagining a decaying Tokyo Disney Sea.
Just the scariest thing.
Which is scary, yeah.
Well, speaking of decaying,
let's get into the last thing that we did.
Yeah.
Which now, okay, so I was, we're doing an add-on.
We're gonna do the haunted maze in the Queen Mary itself.
Instead, that was just five red lights in an engine room.
Yeah, which is- It turns out
that it was free, what we really wanted.
Yes.
Which, or just with admission.
Cause, yes, all the mazes up until that point
had been like little pop-ups,
or part of the Seaport Village thing,
and just like repurposing that area,
and then there was a clown maze, little circus thing.
Oh yeah, we talked about that, yeah, yeah.
Fairly small.
But yeah, obviously that's not there all year round.
But yes, this is in the ship,
which seems like, of course, the most fun thing,
because it's using the actual haunted ship
to make a maze.
The Grey Ghost is the name of it,
which is something they actually call the ship.
This might be new this year,
and you're just in, it's not an engine room,
you're just in like inexplicable bowels.
I don't know enough of what's on a ship
to know where the hell we are.
Right. It's so scary in there.
I don't care who's jumping out or what else is in it.
Just it itself is so creepy.
That's what I was saying when Bug and I were walking,
and I go, I actually think it might be even scarier
if they didn't have these scare actors in here,
because it's so odd being in a very, very old ship's
like basement or whatever, and it's just very like,
I, while we walked through it fast,
and correct me if I'm wrong,
it almost felt like it was just like concrete,
or stone, and like pipes, and like,
I'm just like, it feels old.
You can feel that you're somewhere
that has existed for a long time.
Yeah, yes.
And it's odd, it feels odd in there.
They are playing music and sound effects as well,
but it's, you can't escape the actual creepy place you're in.
Yeah, mainly it's just, yeah.
Like if they didn't touch it at all, it'd be something.
It's just a cool place to walk through.
And it goes for a while too,
and you can't quite tell where you are,
and there are some places where you see like stairs,
and it's like, you can't go that way.
But there's a few places where you're like,
I'm not sure which way we're supposed to go.
Yes.
And then, yeah, and there's scare actors,
and they're jumping out at you.
Some of the better ones too.
Some of the bigger scares, I think, the whole night.
Well, yeah.
I'm glad we saved the last.
For sure the second part, bigger scares.
Yeah. Absolutely.
So you're walking through, and then we walk through a room,
and there's like an old singer with the old time microphone,
and we kind of like do this like switchback
around her singing.
She's like a ghost singing, and you're like,
that's creepy or whatever.
And-
They haven't used microphones like that in many decades.
I'm so unnerved to see an old style microphone.
Why do they do them all flat like that?
Only if big bad voodoo daddy has one, am I okay saying that?
And then, yeah, so then we get to the end.
I'm trying to remember if there's anything else
noteworthy of that section,
just other than being in the ship like that.
And then all of a sudden, somebody pops out,
and I remember what she was wearing.
She was wearing like a military outfit,
and she asks the question of the group,
do you want to exit, or do you want to be recruited?
Yeah, I think so.
Basically. Be recruited.
She goes, do you wanna exit, or do you wanna be recruited?
She's yelling, and there's music playing,
and I go, well, we wanna be recruited.
And she goes, all right, this way.
So I guess that maybe they're like, if somebody's scared,
they just let them out this exit here.
So we all of a sudden, I think we went upstairs.
Is that right? Mm-hmm.
And there was no question, no hesitation,
even from Scaredy Scott.
Of course I need to see more.
Yes, so we go upstairs,
and now we're in like a war of some kind.
We've gone from a quiet sort of ship's basement,
or whatever you want to call it,
whatever it's called, the bowels.
Let's call it the bowels. Sure.
And then you go upstairs, and now we are in a war,
and pretty quickly, we see like battle station equipment.
To me, that's what it looks like.
Like launch missiles or something.
Yeah, is it just normal ship controls?
Probably, is it fake?
I don't know, it doesn't look fake to me.
It looks legitimate, but I'm also walking through it,
and there's a lot of cacophony of noise happening.
But we all like kind of cheer, I think, at it.
Yeah. We're like, yeah,
there's a plot turn in this.
We're in a war now?
Yeah, and it's very loud, and it's very chaotic,
and you're going through this,
and there's a lot of scares.
At one point, they have an effect where barrels,
there's an area where all these barrels are being stored,
and in the middle, all of a sudden,
the barrels break free and roll,
and hit the chain link fence, and make a loud noise.
And we're like, ah!
And it's just like everyone's yelling,
and I think having a good time,
because it's like a thing a minute,
or a second, I should say, of a scare or this.
People in these little,
I don't know if they came out of barrels or something,
little tiny spaces, and they'd pop it open and go, ah!
And you'd be like, Jesus Christ.
And it was a really fun sprint
through this area of the ship.
And I'm trying to think if there's anything else
specifically in that area,
other than just sort of the chaos of it.
And then it just spits you out
by the place where we had a tiki drink,
and it was like, that's really good.
That's one of my favorite mazes of the year.
Wow. It's not the favorite one.
And then I said, because you were asking me,
I don't know if this is,
like you were like, is that like,
the other one's like this?
And I'm like, yeah, basically.
And then I was like, well, that's about as intense
as the other ones are.
You made me feel great.
I still was thinking that this was some kind of like,
stepped back, not as well done kind of maze situation.
And when you said, no, that's pretty much it,
I felt like, wait, well, I've done it.
I've done it now.
You conquered it, I think.
I think, dare I say.
I was waiting for it.
Scott loves haunts.
Well, you only Scott can declare it.
So it sounds like he loves haunts.
I mean, look, it's a lot,
I could still see myself have it.
I still hear about things at Knotson Universe.
And we'll assess.
I haven't done the other ones you have.
We'll talk about other things.
We'll see if things still sound scary to me.
I mean, it's on the table that Scott loves haunts.
One thing is unquestionable, however,
which is Scott loves Shacktoberfests.
Well, at least we know that.
Now, is this gonna be,
I mean, unless you decide to go to some haunts,
we're starting out the month like this.
You did not go to any other haunts with me.
No, you've done them all already, didn't go.
We'll see.
I mean, if you have a few surprises or anything.
So it's fun.
I was thinking about the Horror Nights.
I did have something else I had to do.
I'm getting closer though, getting closer than this year.
And you know who got me much, much closer than ever before?
Shack. Shack.
Yep. So, Diesel did it.
This is a big deal on the podcast, I think.
Yeah.
And it's buying the paywall too.
So only the subscribers will know
the character development that's happened here.
You have to get the captain's combo.
You have to get the podcast or a captain's combo
with the bravery experience,
the leveled up bravery experience.
And I say, listen to this one.
I mean, we're coming towards the end of it here,
but you know, I demand that in celebration of me
making it through a haunt
and just maybe even getting close to loving haunts,
in my honor, please pour yourself one shot of Captain Morgan
and another shot that is Captain Morgan,
but also something else in there.
But only take one.
Don't take both.
Do not take both.
Don't take them both.
Throw the other one in the trash.
Yeah.
But make sure to pour them both.
I do think it's very funny.
They rum punch, not usually a beverage shot.
I believe like gradually sipped.
Captain, a shot that's like half Captain Morgan
and half Grenadine.
You know I love my sweets.
That sounds disgusting to me.
Might've been.
One of us should have done it to be able to tell for sure
or try your own at home.
If you bought two captain's combos,
maybe we could have done it.
I guess what we would recommend is,
well, go get to Shacktoberfest as fast as you can
and make sure you, or let's say do three captain's combos.
Yeah, that's good.
And then you'll be able to experience all the ways.
Did that give you anything secret in Dead Man's Wharf?
Do you remember that maze?
I have to say my recollection of Dead Man's Wharf
versus Pirate's Cove and what is different
between the two is next to none.
Well, Dead Man's Wharf was less pirate ship based
and more like whatever the Seaport Village's houses were.
Yeah.
So we were outside a little more in like a garden
and the Pirate's Cove felt like we were
walking around a ship more.
But we didn't get any, there was no upgrade for the maze.
And the other one was more just like wandering around
a dirty abandoned taffy shop or something.
Well, no, that's something you would,
you're dreaming of.
Oh, that's, yeah, that's in my mind palace.
Yeah, I store vital memories in there.
That's the only time, if we find out
there's one of these haunts has an abandoned taffy maze,
then finally I think we'll get Jason to love haunts.
Oh boy, the evil taffy maker
who makes taffy out of people.
That's right.
Oh, sure.
But it's delicious, so he's on board.
Look, if these toy companies keep making stuff,
it won't be too long before we get a Candy Land based haunt.
Oh, interesting. With Gloopy.
What do you mean with like movie,
like a movie of Candy Land or?
Oh, I just meant like a walkthrough maze.
Oh, but that's not gonna be a scary one.
Oh, it could be a little scary.
You know, this Barney movie is apparently terrifying
or not terrifying at all.
We don't know.
There's some conflicting reports on
if the Barney movie is weird or not.
Yeah.
The studio's saying it's not weird,
but other places are saying it's weird.
Yeah.
So we'll see.
So you're saying the Candy Land movie is maybe weird
when it comes out?
I mean, yeah, you're terrorized by Gloopy, you know?
Yes.
Haunted by Grandma Nut.
Well, she comes to you in your dreams every night.
Grandma Nut.
Grandma Nut, don't mind if I do.
What am I, in a pumpkin patch?
All right, well, you survived
Honkest, The Fright, The Cemetery Gate.
We got Honkest, The Fright merch in our T-Public store.
You can get one more boo-ness episode
on our RIP tier Crypt 3,
where we will soon be talking about Tower of Terror,
the 1997 film with Kristen Dunstan, Steve Gutenberg.
Oh yeah.
And as a Patreon.com slash podcast,
or while you're there and you're here,
just subscribe, again, do the VIP,
do take a VIP slam dunk all the way up to level three.
Yeah.
For sure.
Let me quickly just read,
there was a list of 50 great Shaq endorsements.
Oh, I forgot about this.
Yeah.
50, a sleep apnea mask.
There are 50, there's 50?
50 of them, yeah.
There's enough to make 50.
Yes.
Susta Sugar Substitute,
he was endorsing Apollo Jets, which is like.
You know, I love tricks and treats,
but I also love treats that don't eat into your calorie count.
He did Radio Shaq for a while.
He was promoting that social media tout for a while.
You remember tout?
I remember tout.
Oh, right, I was resting on a tout about it.
That's right.
He had Shaq Soda,
which was from the Arizona beverages team.
Oh, I brought Shaq Soda to an event.
It was a social event once,
and no one was happy to see it.
My record.
Mike was vaguely happy.
I hate to open this up.
I hate to open this up real quick,
but there was an event,
I think it was our Herald team was getting together,
and everyone brought a little dessert or dish.
Jason showed up with, I swear, one can of Shaq Soda.
No, I brought up three cans.
But there's eight of us.
No, no, it was for a while,
7-Eleven was selling roll cakes, Swiss roll cakes.
Everyone had spent at least like 15, $10 on whatever it was,
and it was clear you rolled over to 7-Eleven,
which was right around the corner,
and it was under $5.
I bought a bunch of Shaq Soda,
and I brought a roll cake.
Not a bunch of Shaq Soda.
I thought people would be excited for it.
Does three count as a bunch?
It was pretty clear you had spent less than everyone.
That's all I remember.
I don't know, that roll cake and those Shaq Sodas
weren't cheap.
It was pretty clear you bought what you would buy
if you were just going to 7-Eleven for yourself,
and maybe added an extra soda.
Well, I asked, would you rather
I just bought a bottle of Barefoot wine?
Everyone, yes.
Yeah, yeah, that at least would have looked more like
it was communal.
But what are we doing with Barefoot?
Well, 7-Eleven.
Yeah, 7-Eleven, that's pretty good.
Well, of course, somewhere else.
Wait a minute, a roll cake that you bought?
Is that a cake from 7-Eleven?
Well, they were selling cakes for-
It's a little, it's like a slightly bigger Twinkie.
It was not big.
It was big.
It was not big.
It was big, because I ate it for the next few days.
He ate it.
You brought a cake to a party,
and then kept it and kept feeding it?
And people ate it, and then they were like,
I don't want this here, take it.
The cake was not big.
They were like that when you ventriloquized them
to say that, hey, remember, you should take the cake.
Hey, yeah, good idea.
We're recording, well, we're recording a couple people-
This was like 10 years ago, by the way.
Mike is still remembering the details of this.
Look, if you have, it's been said on the show before,
Mike, I think it's been said, right?
Mike remembers every single thing
that Jason has ever done.
We're recording with people that were there fairly soon.
We'll talk about this multiple times, maybe.
Okay.
Hey.
It seems like a good place to start.
Hey, if my memory's wrong, I will apologize.
Oh, Jason, Mike, Jason brought 25 cans.
It was a bounty.
We gave them to people on the street,
people in need. It might have been one can.
It might have been one can of Chapssoda.
Two different flavors so everyone could try it,
and it was bad, okay?
And keep in mind also, they're shack sized, so.
Okay, that's fair.
They were large.
Which means they're just a little bit bigger.
