Forever!
Dog!
Haunt Cast the Fright!
Welcome to Haunt Cast the Fright, where for the next 90 minutes to two hours all evil references are legal.
References like Doll-Faced Spectroman and Brian Setzer.
My name is Frightful Narlson, joining me as always, Scottlejuice.
The fastest way to get me out of here.
If there could be literal monsters hiding in the room waiting to pounce, that'd be more acceptable to me than Brian Setzer talk.
Yeah, of course. Joining also is a guy who I keep forgetting his Halloween name. I know it's Slash and Drain is the last part of it.
Oh, it's Jagged Slash and Drain.
Jagged Slash and Drain, that's right. We may have to change the first part of that.
Okay, I don't know. I'm open to it.
Also, it's on the host to introduce themselves if they make their names something so clunky.
That's true. That's a very good point.
I just gotta point at him.
I'll point at him next time if I do the intro. But no, you're right. It's my problem, not yours. For now at least.
You know, if we're talking Setzer, it's a good thing.
We're not, by the way. But go ahead.
I'm just a little boogie-woogie bugle boy from Company B.
Is that a song they did or do you just like to bring up boogie-woogie bugle boy? I don't think they did that.
I feel like he did.
You don't think they covered the Brian Setzer Orchestra?
Look, it seems extremely possible, but I just don't.
I don't know for a fact they did, but it seems right.
I just think that's a separate thing Jason loves to say.
That he's a little boogie-woogie bugle boy? Yeah, I think he does like to say that.
There's been multiple boogie-woogie bugle boys.
Well, it's true, though. He is a little boogie-woogie bugle boy.
That's just a fact. Let's bring our guests real quick because I think they would like to talk about this specific topic.
Not the actual topic we have today, but they've been on the show. These are friends of the show, good friends of the show.
They're now together on the podcast. Justin, Michael, Marissa Strickland, they're here. Welcome back.
Thank you.
Can I be monstrous as Shreekland, please?
Oh yeah, perfect.
Let me write these down.
Shreesa is very fancy.
It's a family name.
They changed it to LLS Island.
I know. It used to be much weirder.
Skeleton Island. It's a giant skeleton.
Oh yeah.
That's right through it. That's a scary entrance to Ascarica.
Oh, we're off to the races.
I don't know. Justin, Michael, Myers.
Very good. Very nice.
I don't like leaning into an IP version, but you know.
It's the same thing.
I do want to pitch for this month, boogie-woogie boogle boy.
Oh yeah. That's good, too.
Boogie-woogie.
Oh wow.
It makes it real easy.
It gets better and better.
Oogie-woogie bashle boy.
These are all good for next year even, too, if we want to do Jason.
This is going to keep Jason in names for years.
Sure. And hey, still looking on at the Brian Setzer Orchestra did that song.
But they did do a Christmas album called Boogie-woogie Christmas.
So we've got that to look forward to coming up.
In what way?
In that it'll be playing out in the world?
Because it certainly was not that we're going to talk about it further on the show.
I'll slam that door down right now.
Hold on a second. What songs do they do?
Well, let me do a little more research.
All right. Yeah, you get back to us about that.
Or let's see if the conversation takes us away from Brian Setzer entirely,
which I think that it might because you guys are here to celebrate the Halloween season.
You all went to Halloween Horror Nights together.
Yes. So what happens is we get some nice comps.
I'll admit it. We get some comps from some places that are not Disney.
And this year, since my co-hosts generally don't go with me,
I get to invite different friends to go.
And this year, the roulette wheel landed on U2, which was a delight.
So you do have a big wheel.
Yes. The friend wheel, I call it.
It's how I if I have a funny little joke to text to someone,
I spin the wheel and see who's getting this take on all the latest current events.
Brian Setzer.
I have a Brian Setzer joke.
Yeah. So so we went to Halloween Horror Nights,
which is this is something that you're both fans of in general, the haunt, the scary stuff.
More so than me, I actually like longer. You've been a longer time haunt fan.
I'm very new to it relatively.
It looks great on you.
Well, thank you. I appreciate that.
I didn't I don't want to be a poser at these events because I you know,
I declared that I loved haunts a few years ago,
but I do feel like sometimes people are like, do you do you really?
Really? You feel that wave of pushback or?
Well, not really a pushback.
You know, you have a little paranoia that somebody thinks that I'm not maybe I'm not legit.
Maybe I'm not a legit fan.
Well, you went so far with it also, like some people might who who do love it still might say out loud.
I like going to haunts. You came out so strong with all the way from hating scared to loving.
Right. So maybe that's maybe you're a little nervous about owning that full time.
Yeah, I am. Yes. Because, yeah, again, you two are legit.
I've been in a long time.
I, you know, in my mid to late 30s is when I've developed this.
I only got into them like maybe early 30s.
Like I was scared. I felt it was when we started dating and we went to the Haunted Hayride
and we just went on the hayride here in Los Angeles.
And then on the way out, there's a maze.
And Marissa was like, I want to go on that.
And I was like, oh, you so you had to be like a brave, brave guy.
Driving it like pulling a cartoon goat, you know, like push back, go on.
No, I don't. You know what I hecho a lot of resistance.
Oh, yeah. And then you were like, well, I'm going to go on alone.
You can just wait here at the end. I was like, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah. And was scared.
And then and then Marissa like probably insulted you a lot.
Like, what are you chicken? What are you scared?
Yeah. What are you little chicken?
Oh, fuck, fuck, fucking get in this dark maze.
And she was dressed as Biff for no reason.
Yeah, I fell in a pile of shit.
You guys are washed to this day.
You got your come up and Justin also got his love of haunts.
Yes, truly over the years. So I'm just saying you're on the path.
OK, thank you. Thank you for letting me know that.
I love it. How scary is that thing?
The the Haunted Hayride. That's it's a local thing.
I'd say it's a zero on a scale of one to ten.
OK, OK. Oh, wait, there's the ride and then there's mazes next.
OK, so the ride is like a family friendly.
I'd give it a three. I'd give it a three.
I think if you are if you're not into haunts, you're still going to have like people running out at you
and like dragging metal things across the metal part of the wagon and like making loud noises.
That is scary. Yeah, there are some noises that catch you off guard, I guess.
Right. Marissa, I believe many years ago, I think you've done like more extreme haunts.
You've had a bag placed on your head and a waiver has been signed.
Yeah, which sounds a little too intense for me even.
But how could you describe what this was at the time?
Yeah, this was also pretty early on in Justin and my relationship.
Oh, did he do it? Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah.
So we went to Rob Zombie. Justin got nagged into loving haunts.
Yeah, please help me.
Lisa Lampanelli is the queen of me and Marissa is the queen of nagging.
And it rhymes.
Well, you're not the queen of rhyming.
You're the queen of nagging.
OK. Yeah, no.
So we went to Rob Zombie's American Scream, which used to be at the Pomona Fairplex.
One year, one year at the Pomona Fairplex.
Then I think it kind of toured, but I don't know where it is now.
I hope it's still active somewhere in America, possibly.
But at that event, and I don't know when that was, maybe like 2015, something like that.
I think earlier. OK, it was a while ago.
But there were several mazes, one kind of like traditional,
like House of a Thousand Corpses kind of traditional maze.
And then there was one blackout maze where you had to wear a little burlap sack on your head.
And they just kind of pushed you into a maze.
So you're just using your hands to feel around, which is really cool.
And then there was a maze, so you're just using your hands to feel around, which is truly very exciting to me.
But there were light electric shocks in that one, too.
I feel like we got tricked into doing more extreme mazes, because I don't think like either of us would be like, we want the pain maze.
Well, except that like a couple of years later, we did opt into a нужно maze.
The 17th door. It's too extreme.
You get electrocuted left and right.
There's a pig fetus on her head and they chased her around.
Yes, truly. And they like birthed a pig fetus out of a woman like you follow the story of this, you know, woman in college who ends up getting pregnant.
And then she has a pig fetus and they rub it on you.
Is that like a morality play about like the dangers of premarital sex?
I do think that there is an element of that.
Yeah, it's definitely not a fun story that you're walking through.
It's not a blessed delivery, a happy delivery.
But we got tricked into these three mazes at Rob Zombie's because you have to go in back to back to back.
So like once you go in one, you have to go through all three.
And so we were like, oh, we're going to go into this normal looking maze.
And then the second one is like, OK, put this burlap sack on your head.
You're going to be stuck in this labyrinth with a burlap sack and electric shocks.
And because you can't see, you get stuck a lot because you're just like, how does this maze work?
And there was one kind of, I guess, you know, guard inside the maze.
And we were like feeling our way against a wall.
And he was like, you're in a corner.
That sounded in a monster voice.
It was like, you're in a corner.
But like we were trying so hard and it was like humiliating.
Yikes, yikes.
But that's like I'm scared enough of you know, what was never I never felt great about were any of those void things where you are.
You're essentially you're not blindfolded.
I mean, it's the most high tech blindfold there is because it puts you into a digital environment.
But even that I don't trust it at all.
I am walking so hesitantly and scared.
So doing complete darkness.
This is misery to me.
My God.
So so the electric shock, would you do that one again?
The one?
No, that was the 17th door.
No, they said the mad shocks, but the 17th door had more.
The better the more.
Yeah.
In the 17th door and I'm assuming they've changed their thing because I got an email and they're like, come back.
And I was like, I'm never coming back.
But like you had to hold hands with your party, right?
If you went in with like seven people, you had to hold hands with your party and then flip one of those like electrocutioner.
You know, things and then electricity like went through all of our hands.
Through our like daisy chains.
Like they were like, it's like so basically 17th door is like there are 17 rooms, I think.
So basically you have a chance to opt out after each room if you're too scared.
There's like a safe word.
But if you get to the end, you get to see the whole horrible problematic story that they've set out and made you pay money for.
Is the fetus at the end?
The fetus was at the end.
But every year it's kind of different.
The coolest room was there was like an evil Ronald McDonald and they you sit on a bench and it's like a very small room and they pump suddenly like from the ceiling.
A bunch of ball pit balls started to fill up and they filled up past our heads.
Whoa.
And then at the last minute they had this like big vacuum suck it all out.
And I was like, oh, that one was kind of fun.
I mean, I'm claustrophobic.
So neither am I.
But I felt claustrophobic in that moment because you're like, wait, wait, wait.
I'm being buried alive.
Like it really did give that sensation.
But it was fun because it was colorful.
Oh, they were still colorful.
They didn't make them like not spooky balls.
Yeah.
So when you go to horror nights, is it like kind of even like, well, this is like baby stuff in some ways because you've been electrocuted.
I do think that after being electrocuted, after watching a friend's face get shoved in a stinky toilet, after watching them torture animals, they had roaches that they had.
What?
It was really it was that was like the most offensive part.
Yeah, I was like, I don't like bugs.
I don't like roaches, but I don't want to see them alive and taped to something.
Yeah. And like held to your face and stuff.
It feels like there's like a weird moral, not a gray area, just bad.
So I'm black.
Yeah.
Horror nights is kind of so fun.
Maybe Scott and Jason, that's what you need to do.
You need to do this one first and then everything else is like a piece of cake.
Oh, watch some small animals suffer and then I can go like watch, you know, exorcist 20, the maze.
That's right.
It'll feel like a walk in the park.
It'll feel like just a nice literal walk in a nice park.
Sure.
Getting electrocuted will make it so I don't pee my pants at Chuckie.
That's what you need to do to fix it.
Just a sign of Chuckie is too much for me.
I not to delay the Halloween Horror Nights, but there's something I was looking forward to bringing up with Marissa here, especially.
You know, you're diving back into into your haunt history.
But but also in terms of like, well, I'm not sure when 2000s 2010s history and your guys shared history.
Something came up on the Patreon recently.
God damn.
You knew you weren't going to escape.
So we did an episode about Shaqtoberfest, the Shaq Long Beach Halloween event.
And this led to a discussion of the things that Shaq endorses.
And, you know, I was since I wasn't there.
Maybe I'll just let Mike ask the question of a memory that you might have.
So OK. So Marissa, I don't know if you remember this.
We had a get together. We were on an improv team together, Jason, Marissa and I.
And there was sort of like a bring your own stuff night where we kind of brought food or something to Marissa's looking like.
Marissa's looking like she's pretty kind of lost. So hopefully.
Oh, right. Keep in mind only Mike is the only person here who remembers everything Jason does.
That's true. Yeah. That includes Jason.
This is over 10 years ago, too.
So basically, Jason brought this up because I had forgotten about it that Jason brought over basically like my memory is like one can of Shaq soda and a tiny sort of twinkie sized dessert from 7-Eleven.
You're saying no, I brought like he says he brought three Shaq sodas and a little soda and a full size like Swiss cake roll like both of you with your hands.
Make the size that you recall.
Jason is saying it's like this like it was like a Fudgy the Whale.
Give me inches if you can.
Um, there's no way it was that big.
Reduce, reduce, reduce.
You're showing me about what's that. Is that like 15 more foot and a half? I don't know.
Is it a foot and a half size?
A foot and a half twinkie?
No, like a traditional. It was like a red velvet Swiss roll.
Traditional. Purchased from where?
From 7-Eleven when they were doing beets.
Just a traditional home cooked.
It was just very clear at the time that everyone had like kind of gone at least to a grocery store and bought like something and then Jason rolled up to the 7-Eleven and found Shaq soda and like when my memory a very smallish kind of dessert maybe a little bigger than a twinkie.
Give me an inch count.
I feel like it was like this big. I feel like it was a small.
Like a single serve.
Yeah, that's like six, seven inches right there.
A smaller thing. So you have no memory of this specific incident.
No. Do we know where this occurred?
My memory is that it was at that house that multiple people would cat sit for.
Yes, that's where my brain pegged it.
Yeah.
Because there are a couple pictures of us and a little yaddle from that night.
That's what I remember.
The Star Wars Yoda equivalent, the female Yoda equivalent yaddle.
I believe it was that night that I brought the yaddle figure.
Yeah, Mike was on that yaddle tip.
Oh, your contribution was a yaddle figure.
I brought food of some kind as well, which I don't remember what I brought,
but I do remember bringing yaddle and we took many photos of yaddle.
I believe I started making like weed memes with yaddle that night.
That's cool.
So right, exactly. It's easy being green and then it would be like I put like a puff of smoke or something.
That's pretty dank.
Pretty dank, yeah. So okay, so you don't have a memory of this?
You can't clear up anything about how many kings.
I can't. I'm so sorry. I wish I had a memory, but I do not remember any.
I feel like I'm on the stand. I do not remember any shack sodas.
I do not remember any smaller, large traditional rolls from 7-Eleven.
All right. And look, that's fine. There's still plenty of people we can ask about this.
Yes.
And we will.
There are five more people.
Anyone who may have been there.
We have five, yeah.
And we will ask every one of them if we have to.
Who doesn't remember because yaddle's high.
Well, yeah. Yaddle holds the keys.
Yaddle smoked us all up and that's why some people can't remember.
Now, in the interest of not making this all about Jason accusations, I have something to point at Mike,
which is the discussion of this in this episode kept going past the episode.
I filmed this and I was watching the video later and you, as if to like recount a better type of gift you could bring to a potluck type thing, said,
I remember the one party where I brought clowny cones.
Yes.
I remember that clearly.
Okay, sure.
Because that's a memorable thing to bring.
A good fun dessert.
Now, I have a follow-up question.
Go ahead.
Do you mean from Baskin Robbins?
Yes.
That's what you're referring to.
Now, okay. Now I have one more follow-up question.
Where in the world are these referred to as clowny cones as opposed to clown cones?
I believe when I was younger, either we started calling them clowny cones and that's how I still say it,
or they made a name change at some point because you're correct.
They call them clown cones.
I watched the video of this with Erin and she was like, what the fuck is a clowny cone?
They were at a certain point, I don't know if my mom said it or what, but you are right.
I apologize for the off-the-record saying of the name wrong.
I was just curious where it came from because I was like, I don't think it's a regional thing.
I think this is a childhood thing that Mike is holding on to and the fact that it may have come from your mother makes 1000% sense to me as well.
It's a good question.
I will look into this and see if there was ever any name change because that is how we always refer to them.
I was obsessed with these and if you don't know what we're talking about,
Baskin Robbins would make a little, it would be an upside-down ice cream cone and they would make a little clown face on it.
I was obsessed with it even though that ice cream had been sitting in there longer
than the fresh ice cream coming from one of the cartons.
Older, more dried-up ice cream.
Hard as a rock, I was saying.
The icing is really slick and almost like an oil.
It's like, that flavor.
Jason warned us about the cake boss vending machines in Las Vegas about how bad they were.
You're kidding.
Jason luckily warned us about this because I would have just gotten a ton of them.
I saw this from another video.
I did not sample it.
Same Instagram, probably Vegas accounts that warn you of this type of thing.
The cake boss has cake slice vending machines but they're covered in some sort of oil to keep it fresh or make it look good.
I feel like the clown cones are similarly like, it just doesn't taste as fresh as if you put...
Preserved in a way that's not natural.
Yeah, I think so.
Now let me say this, when you said clown cones just now, that was correct.
But now that I've heard you say it, it made me a little sad.
I think now that I've gone through this, I want you to say clowny cones.
It felt bad to say it like that.
So I will go back to calling them clowny cones.
In my defense, I feel like this is a I learned it from watching you scenario.
Where he started bringing clowny cones and I was like, oh, wouldn't it be funny if I brought shacks
and I brought shack soda and...
Oh, we are blaming Michael now.
No way.
Hang on.
You're reverting timelines.
You know what I mean?
Shack happened first.
No way.
Clowny cones happened second.
Absolutely not.
We have to have photo records somewhere.
No, because Mike brought clowny cones to multiple social events.
That might be true.
It was between multiple clowny cone bringing.
It was likely between.
And I also owned up that the shack soda tasted like shit.
None of the flavors were good.
And I would say most people coming to like a hang might bring a six pack of beer.
You know?
Yeah.
This is what the discussion was.
Maybe you bring enough for everyone.
There's eight of us.
I did bring enough for everyone.
Well, because we were all, I was like, oh, we'll sample the shack soda.
We will all have not a full can.
You wouldn't bring three beers.
And say, oh, we'll all sample the beers.
It's a fierce sampling.
It's fun.
For each person.
It's an activity.
This was part of the funniness of it.
I don't know.
Eight sodas seemed like overkill.
I mean, it would have been in retrospect knowing that the soda is horrible.
But this wasn't known at the time.
Yeah.
So you could have given everyone a chance to experience.
Maybe some people would have like, I disagree.
I will drink the entire thing.
Also, the clown cones, there was four thought it was the seven eleven was like around the corner.
Oh, I forgot.
Yeah, for sure.
Forgot.
And I was trying to save it.
Do you remember?
I'll save it on a budget.
Yeah.
Do you remember?
Like if, if you can go back in time, 10 plus years, you're walking into seven eleven.
You're like, I need a quick gift for my friends to show that we are having a potluck experience.
And you scan, scan, scan.
You see Shaq's face and say, maybe.
Like, is that what happened?
I thought the cans looked fun.
And I've little squist roll.
Can you describe the can?
Just somebody who's never seen a Shaq soda.
They were all different colors and he was really happy on the can.
He said was.
I love a sad Shaq on a soda can.
Happy Shaq.
Happy Shaq was on it.
I was going to say his face was large for the can, but small for Shaq.
I have photos here.
There's a, there's a.
And now what do you, both of you understand?
Do you or do you not think this looks fun?
This is like a fun, like this, this is crazy.
Should we try this?
Yes.
Right.
It's like a valid thing to be like, I'm with friends and let's try this in.
Like this looks nuts.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
There's like a fun.
Wait, did you bring all four flavors?
Cause it appears there are four flavors.
I don't think they add all four.
Only happy.
It is funny though.
You didn't get like four.
You know what I mean?
Like even just four cans.
Cause then you go, oh, well each have half of it.
Oh, each have half.
Yeah.
You have tall cans.
I think my little arms were full.
I know.
Wait a minute.
I'm, you're showing me your arms.
You have room for more than three cans.
You're a smaller person.
You're shorter than us, but you're not four feet tall.
Don't do your tiny Tim Kwan.
I was too tired.
The cans sir.
Wait, wait, wait.
Look at that.
That's what I'm talking about.
I was too tired.
The cans sir.
They were going to tip me over.
How will I scratch off my lottery ticket if I have all these cans?
You did do a lottery.
You should have bought us each a lottery ticket.
Yeah.
That would have been funny.
Eight scratchers?
Eight scratchers?
That's an activity.
That's a better idea.
Well next time we're all on a Harold team together.
Yeah.
We got to get back in classes.
It's on the rise baby.
That's the place to be.
I'm looking to drop another 1500.
I'd love to be taught by a 26 year old.
Well look, I can't pass up an opportunity to relitigate something from many years ago.
And we're not done with this.
No, no, no.
I don't believe so.
There'll be more questions.
It's like a wrestling feud.
This isn't over.
This isn't over.
There's a pay-per-view in two weeks.
This is our Rashomon.
Okay, that being said, now we can actually, let's get spooky.
Cold chill just came through the room.
So we're going to, I guess we'll try to focus on this crazy new show they have.
Oh yes, in all this time we've not said that, I mean it's, it'll be, we'll have been in the intro,
but this, and we'll talk about other Halloween Horror Nights stuff, but this is the,
the focus here is the Purge Dangerous Waters,
a nighttime experience that takes place on the Waterworld stunt show set.
Live Sea War Spectacular set.
I'm sorry, I misspoke.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, so that's basically, that was the most fun I had the whole night I think.
That was my favorite thing.
But we did all of Horror Nights.
We should talk about, you know, highlights and stuff we liked in general.
I will say we first got some of the themed drinks, which we should point out.
The ones with like an eyeball in it?
Yeah, or, or, you know, a glass that was rimmed with sprinkles and frosting.
I mean, very clowny cone.
Yes.
An alcoholic clowny cone.
With a bit of an alcohol, show you a photo.
Now which of you three ordered that one?
This is a low res, but that's in the middle there, I got it.
This was a light up ice cube.
Light up ice cube.
It was the fun choice.
And I was just, I was tonguing the glass again.
I think it was the least fun name.
What was the name?
Well, it was, it was Peacock themed.
The Peacock tail.
The streaming platform?
So right, there was like, yeah, Purge Punch and that's like, that's a fun name, but then this was the Peacock tail.
For the synergy of Peacock, the streaming service.
So I got it.
Not a Palti Gold-tini.
You should have been, there should have been a scare actor playing him and not David S. Pumpkins.
You could have taken a picture with him.
Can I talk to you for three straight hours?
It would have maybe just been him.
One room.
It's literally him.
But what did, I forgot, what you two ordered.
We got Modellos.
Yeah.
You drank like adults.
But Mike made the right choice, like he did the fun choice.
He did the fun choice.
You don't have to defend me, I'm fine.
I ordered my favorite streaming service, it's a cocktail.
So yeah, we got, we got that right under the wire as far as getting into, because then I think there was an eureka moment where we could get one of these and we could go and sit and watch the show.
Yes, they allow you to drink and watch the nighttime spectacular.
That's good.
Wow. So is this top of the night? Is this first thing you're doing?
First thing.
First thing we did.
Wow, wow. Was it downhill from there? Does that start at so strong?
I mean technically because it was on the upper part of Universal.
Yeah, it was on the up and down hill.
It was all downhill for you.
And then it was back uphill.
And then it was out the parking lot.
And then it was home.
We ended with Chucky though, which I think was one of the highlights.
Yeah, I love Chucky.
What does Chucky do this year?
What is Chucky not doing this year, right?
There's a million Chucky's in that maze.
Yeah, so this is based on the show, right?
This is based on the new show.
I've only seen the first two Child's Playz and I've not seen the show.
So you were probably catching all the references.
On Peacock or Syfy?
Peacock, yeah. The Peacocktail streaming service.
Very good. They also offer a streaming service. They aren't just cocktails.
I would say the outside of the Chucky maze looked like Child's Play 2.
So there's a big toy factory, the big set piece.
Or not even, I don't know. It's just a bunch of dolls and boxes.
It was beautiful.
I think visually I thought that was the most exciting exterior of the maze.
There were so many. I think it leaned into the lore of Chucky.
We caught up on all the Chucky movies in a row in the last year and a half.
So we could watch the Chucky TV series, which feels like the Avengers of Chucky lore.
And then we dropped off after three episodes.
Not because we didn't like it. There's just many things to do in the world.
A lot of things to do. Amen.
It's like he's president now in the third season or something.
I know. I really want to get to it.
Wow, the Yellowstone arc.
Is that what happens?
I think the first season he's the largest land farm owner in Montana.
And by the fourth or fifth season he's the governor.
I love that's how it heightened a political office. Yes.
Yeah.
You got it when you do a show, when you get bored.
And the maze is great. There's so many animatronics.
A lot of animatronics.
Really. And there's tons of Chucky's.
I don't even think there was a human performer in any of them.
I don't think so. I think it was all puppets or animatronics.
Yeah. And I was wondering.
I think in the old House of Horrors, I think I've told this story before,
which was my pre-haunt days, my friend forced me to do it and I was freaked out the whole time.
And I believe there was like a Chucky performer that pretended that they were a robot.
And then it kind of came to life and pulled like a knife on my friend's throat.
And I got freaked out.
We actually had a, when we went to Spain, we went to a little theme park called Tibidabo.
And it's like at the top of a mountain. It's really beautiful.
Like overlooks Barcelona. Yeah.
Yeah. And then there was a year round haunt there and it was all just like IP.
Famous movie monsters.
All done really well. And in the middle of that maze, there was a Chucky room and there was a little Chucky just sitting there.
It was honestly really good production value.
And we just were walking by and then they have like a lightning strike effect, you know, and like the room flashes.
And he came to life. He was like, Sorpresa!
It was great.
And we say Sorpresa.
Spanish Chucky. That's amazing. Yeah.
And this one, there's, I guess the finale room is the one where there's many Chucky's, but then also there's a giant Chucky.
Oh, yeah. I didn't understand if that was a reference since I haven't seen more than three episodes of the TV show.
Maybe there's a giant Chucky in the TV show.
Maybe it's just like the giant snake in the Indiana Jones ride. It's kind of like a manifestation of your mere.
It's more than a literal.
And it was there. That giant Chucky is like as tall as the ceiling, probably.
So it's like 12, 14 feet or something like that.
This is are you guys Scott and Jason scared of Chucky?
I definitely had that as a kid. I was big. Yeah, for sure.
Even the mirror. I was saying it earlier.
It was definitely true as a kid that the mere sight of him was a lot.
And I caught too much of the is it part three, the military school one?
Actually, that's the only one we haven't seen. But yeah. Oh, really? OK. OK.
Skip that. That's that's all I've seen some of.
And it scares me that somebody gets ground up in a trash compactor or something.
Didn't like that. But the idea of it like this triggers my recurring fear, which is something that's supposed to be small being big and indoors.
I think I would really. Oh, yeah. That's exactly it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Scott, let me ask you, did you have a my buddy doll? No, no.
Anyone have a my buddy? I did. You did. You both did. OK.
I had one, too. And I think like I learned about Chucky and it's like, oh, it's like an evil my buddy doll.
And I did not inquire any further. I begged for a my buddy doll.
I my mom and dad got me a my buddy doll.
And then I was terrified of this doll once my dad offhandedly called it Chucky.
He was like, oh, Chucky. And then he got put he got relegated to a closet.
And then when my sister, my sister just kept it and like drew on its face and it only made it scary.
OK. This all is like the origin story for a Chucky being neglected, drawn on, forgotten, abused.
It's probably still out there. Oh, fuck.
I'm wandering the streets with crayon on it.
It's only got one thing on its mind. Revenge.
Revenge. Any moment he's like behind the curtain here.
So, yeah, that one felt like that felt like a good finale for us for the night, because I think that I think that was my favorite.
Or I guess the other one was the monster. Yes. Yes.
The Latin American Monsters Man. Yeah.
That one had some crazy like animatronic.
There's this really cool bird lady monster.
You know, I don't know the folklore behind it.
I should have looked it up before this, but she was awesome.
Like she was like a really freaky bird.
Yeah. And like big yellow feathers lived on a place called Sesame Street.
No, she was like, you know what I mean, like molded and nasty and gray and like sour faced.
Yeah. But it was such a like we were so close to it.
I'm always impressed that these things don't get taken apart by people there because it feels like so easy.
I could just rip the head off of this.
I don't do it because I'm afraid of the like metaphysical repercussions.
But the literal band from the park or that.
Yes, because that would be I want to go on that Fast and Furious coaster in a couple of years.
But yeah, that one like really impressed me a lot.
Those were my faves. Yeah.
It felt like like a dark mother.
You know what I mean? Like the the the vindictive quality a mother could have.
You know what I mean? Where like she's like over caring for her children in a nasty way where she's like killing their life force.
I love this, but I just want to make this clear.
It's your patronly symbolically.
That's what it felt like to me. Yeah.
It was the dark mother maze.
I'll bring up the photo later. But yeah, no, it was great.
I just didn't feel that necessarily.
But I see what you're saying.
I see where you're headed with a very dark mother.
Very, very dark mother.
Can I back up to Chuckie for a second?
Because Chuckie is represented not just in this maze, but also in culinary form.
Oh, yeah. There is a restaurant called Chuckie's Killer Barbecue.
Should have eaten. We should have gotten.
We walked right by it. No rush to get to the first show.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Well, then you missed out.
Although I think the most enjoyable thing about this might be not eating, but reading.
And this is a sign credit to friend of the show, BugmaneBuzzBuzz for finding this and sending me this.
And I've been obsessed with it for weeks.
This is just a banner. You can see it if you go to the park in the daytime, too.
I would like everybody, perhaps at once, however you want to do it, everyone just try to read this menu item.
Go ahead. Anyone give it a shot whenever you feel like it.
Think out loud. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Marissa, go for it.
Okay. Chuckie's Macassacre and Cheese.
But the and cheese feels like it should be bigger. And cheese!
It also, that switches back to a regular font.
We just go to Cooper Black and then before that is like, buddy, painted by Chuckie himself.
But this is, you could stare at this Chuckie's Macassacre.
It's real.
Ass is in there, yeah.
I feel like the ass.
Oh yeah, it does say ass. Just ass.
Yeah, that's what I saw.
Is that supposed to be like Chuckie's fucking with you? He put ass in the food.
I mean, he stuck his ass in the mac and cheese.
He rubbed it all over.
My ass is the secret ingredient. So, praise God.
Well, he wrote it in blood.
So obviously, I mean, I don't know where the first part of it went. Nobody's selling just and cheese.
And cheese.
No need to horrify that part.
Gotta tell the customer what they're getting.
Tiffany probably wrote and cheese. Tiffany's Chuckie's life partner.
Oh, that's the bride?
Oh, okay.
Bride of Chuckie.
Yeah.
Macmascassacres.
Macassacre?
Macassacre.
That is incredible.
I'm almost happy they put something so clunky and they didn't note it to be less clunky.
Yeah, it's still good.
It's got some of the best, worst named food.
You probably talked about this. If you went, when they had the Ghostbusters maze there, this was years ago.
They had one of the grossest looking things I've seen. It was a hot dog with green, kind of like neon green ketchup or something.
Maybe it was supposed to be a relish. And it was called Slimer's Dirty Water Dog.
No, no, no.
Jason, would you have tried that?
Yeah, of course. I mean, most dogs, especially at a theme park made in large quantities, are sitting in that dirty hot dog water.
Right, that's true. So you wouldn't have been bothered.
Was that a sentence meant to prove why it's good?
I was like, well, I guess of course it hears why. Dirty hot dog water.
Well, do you know about, in Florida, I think it's just in Florida they have a hot dog at hard nights that comes on a Funfetti bun.
No, I haven't seen this Funfetti bun.
Does it have a name?
Sounds a bit cloudy.
Yeah, Jason, look up the name.
Why don't you look that up?
Because I have another one ready to go. This looks gross, strange name too. This is the Always Come Back Corn Dog.
And what does this even look like to you on the top? I mean, I'll say the ingredients, but just like, can you name a food item that you're looking at?
Is it Hot Cheetos?
It's a corn dog which is like red. You got it. Yeah, yeah.
Hot Cheetos and Jason New.
He's got the eye.
Hot Cheetos and Taki crumble with an orange garlic aioli. But this is nightmarish.
I thought it was kimchi.
Oh, sure. That's not a bad guess. It's hard to imagine how that would blend.
It looks like a fried pickle on a bed of confetti. White bed of confetti.
And for this you pay $13.
That's a scary unlucky price.
What a deal.
Okay, here we go. The Florida food. Dr. Oddfellows corn evil dog. Dr. Oddfellows their icon this year.
He's kind of like a carnival barker, like sinister guy. I believe I learned he killed Jack, another icon of Horror Nights in the continuity of Horror Nights.
This is Dr. Oddfellows corn evil dog, a red hot dog in a confetti hot dog bun, goulay pickles, bubble gum mustard and potato sticks.
What?
Potato sticks are fries.
No, no. Like the chip potato sticks.
Oh.
Like crushed.
Like just like the little like slivers of potato potato potato sticks.
Yeah, I also I didn't understand either of those ingredients bubble gum.
What is it?
What does that mean?
They can't just say that and expect me to fill in the caps.
It doesn't make me want to buy it.
No. And what was the first the one before bubble gum mustard?
Kool-Aid pickles.
What does that mean?
Are they soaking in cool?
Yeah, you just, you know, toss some Kool-Aid mix into the vinegar when you're making the pickles.
Also, what's red hot dog?
You know, that one's interesting. That can go a lot of ways. There's lots of different color hot dogs like a red hot or like I've had white hot dogs that are more poultry based.
You've had a white hot dog?
Nobody calls it a white hot dog.
You know when it's kind of fuzzy and long and it's kind of been sitting in the fridge a long time.
It's aged. Many years.
Purple dogs, green dogs. I've had them all.
Spectrum of dogs.
He brought them to an improv party.
Jason brought three white hot dogs to an improv party.
Sad white hot dogs.
Here we go. Hoffman white hots.
They look kind of like bratwurst.
It looks adorable.
It looks like something that should have been from hundreds of years ago and stayed there.
It looks like a hot dog got scared in a cartoon and like all of it's color was shit.
Here's a whole, here's multicolor. Different shades of hot dog.
Not one thing in that. You got 15 images in that Google search. There's not one that looks appetizing to me.
I'm going to look at this iPad later today and the image searches that are open are just different colored hot dogs.
And your mouth will start watering. All over the iPad.
I will be like, I thought I'd close these tabs yesterday.
You should buy like a pack, like you know you get crayons and there's 16 colors.
You should get one of those with hot dogs in them. With each different color.
Hot dogs from around the world. Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm looking at a photo with a close up of bubblegum mustard. It is like, it's bubblegum color. It's like salmon.
And then bright red burger. And I'm reading a review that said, quote the review, it's not as offensive as we expected.
But it's also not good. We wouldn't eat it again.
That's the best thing we could say.
Yeah. God.
What, I mean if the bubblegum flavor is so strong at that point, what even makes it still mustard?
Why wouldn't it just be like with bubblegum juice? You know what I mean?
Yeah. Yeah.
I guess it's just mustard where they add a bubblegum flavor, but still at that point, like what's the point?
It's a transformation like a werewolf. It became were bubblegum.
Yeah. It's no longer mustard.
It's no longer, yeah.
Also review, the bun was not fresh.
What excuse would there be for the bun to be not fresh? There's no such thing as confetti buns until this calendar year.
Why would they not be fresh?
Organic funfetti. Boy, that sounds delicious to me.
And you like a stale bun, Jason? Am I wrong?
Huh?
You like a little stale bun or am I wrong? Am I thinking of somebody else?
I like a chewy bun. Like I like an Amarosa roll or a Martin's potato roll. Those are pretty.
Those are chewy. But like if it's stale, stale is a little, it depends. There's good and bad stales for stales.
Stales for like a pork. Are there?
For like a portillo's or a Coles rose beef. If you're getting a lot of dip on there.
Yeah. If you're soaking it.
If you're soaking it, the stale buns are better because it holds up.
Right. And then it soaks it and makes the stale, the hardness a little bit less hard.
Yeah.
So you prefer it to be old.
No, I'm not saying I want it to be old, but sometimes when things are just a little stale, it's actually kind of good.
Or there's something interesting.
For the dip.
For the dip.
Or a gentle.
Because it'll fall apart maybe if the bun's too soft and you put it in the dip.
Exactly.
Like Lindsay likes a little stale popcorn. That's not my favorite, but she likes it a little like a day past.
We have a pal that opens her popcorn early and then eats it like a week later.
Yep.
Oh, a week later.
She's a fan of stale food.
Yeah.
Jason, you might have a friend.
Can we talk real quick? We've been talking, not that we've talked a lot about it, but the phrase has come up a couple of times on the show lately.
Plush pile.
Yes.
I'm just waiting for Mr. To say something because she looks like she's about to throw up.
Yeah, it, I mean, oh God, I don't even want to say it, but it just sounded like a way like a pervert would talk about a vagina.
Let me see that.
That is plush pile.
That's true. I was about to say, like you were just doing, you can only say that while rubbing your hands together menacingly.
That is not where I was going with it.
Are you talking about?
That's not how the discussion has been.
Because I was up in Universal in the daytime when family was visiting and there are large plush piles.
Yes.
Kind of by the Starbucks, right?
Yes.
Like the one entryway?
There's also a big, I was not talking about a vagina.
I was talking about literal piles of like stuffed animals and stuff.
Jason was though.
There were two of them outside the studio.
He was just nude.
It was during the day.
This has come up, this is all strange now because this has become, because this is like the thing that Disney Store used to have.
This is the thing that Disney Store.
Where a bunch of stuffed animals are in a big pyramid.
Yeah, but it's thick and twisted when Chucky is involved, you know.
Yeah, and they recreated a plush pile at Destination D in Orlando.
Which is for the people who paid what, $500?
They got to like see what a Disney Store looked like 10 years ago.
Which is why it came up.
Worth every penny.
But yeah, they have like at the, they always do kind of a big entrance to Horror Nights that happens by the Starbucks in Hollywood.
That's past the Waterworld stage.
And I was just like, wow, plush pile.
There's a big plush pile right there.
But then, there's a monster.
There's also though a monster emerging, which looks almost like a Yeti or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wasn't really.
It was a little confusing because like the plush pile, I was like, oh, maybe this is tied to Chucky because there's like a toy theme.
Right.
But it wasn't Chucky themed.
Right.
I didn't know what it was for.
I don't know.
I don't know why it's there.
But I was just, I was, I was happy to see it because I do like a plush pile.
That is something I do like.
Are people calling this a plush pile?
I was like, well, I was like, I've heard that before.
And then I'm like, oh, it's because Mike called it that at Halloween Horror Nights.
But I think it accurately describes what it is.
It does.
Much like clowny cones.
Like, you make up so many phrases.
Mighty Mekron.
You do.
Let's look up plush pile and.
Nothing but vagina.
It's all porno.
It's all porno.
It's all porno.
Well, here's what.
The first Google image for that phrase is from BronyCon 2019.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Oh, maybe that is maybe a plush pile is some sort of orgy situation.
Well, that's a cuddle puddle.
Is it with a with furries?
No, I think that's any orgy.
I think that's the after the orgy.
Everyone just lies around together.
But the plush aspect would make it seem that there's a furry quality to it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
So maybe it is like a furry orgy.
And maybe that's what Marissa's thinking.
Which could end in a plush pile cuddle puddle.
Yes, sure.
A cuddle puddle.
Yeah, for sure.
It can be, I think, furry or non-furry.
Yeah.
But plush pile, I think, has to be furries.
And it doesn't have to be sexual, maybe.
It could be just a cuddle puddle version of it.
We're all flopping together.
Yeah.
We're all flopping.
Well, you're right, though.
There was another.
There were plush piles at Knott's this year, too.
Yeah.
Yes.
There was a whole room.
I mean, it was great.
Really good room in one of their mazes.
The chilling chambers.
They had a plush pile room.
Yes.
There was a big plush pile.
Yeah, like all on the wall.
And Michael Eisner knew what he was doing when he put those plush piles together back
in the day.
Because they're popping up, and I still go, I like seeing them all together.
I like seeing all these, even if I don't know the characters.
It doesn't matter.
But now I will never see one or hear the phrase without thinking about what Marissa said.
This phrase is forever tainted.
I hope for the listeners, too.
Every Disney store had one big plush pile at the very end by the big video.
Watch these dens of perversion.
Yeah.
Cue it on his right.
I'm sorry to hurt your brains.
No, it's OK.
Their favorite phrases.
It's our favorite phrase.
So, yeah, I like seeing that.
It was a returning maze.
It was the holidays.
Oh, Holidays in Hell.
Holidays in Hell maze, where you go through all the holidays, and they're all, of course,
twisted, murderous versions of the holidays.
That one was good.
It was fun.
And that was fun.
What's the deepest cut of holiday?
Because you've got Santa and Easter Bunny, but what's the one where they're stretching
it a little bit?
Did they have an Arbor Day one?
Yeah, there's an Arbor Day.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, I feel like they expanded it since the last time.
It was maybe half as many holidays, and they were like, fuck it.
Let's just do everything.
It felt pretty fun.
It felt longer.
There was a good candy smell in the Easter section, and then there was a turkey smell
that made you want to vomit in the Thanksgiving room.
They love a stinky room.
And it was a really...
I think especially Universal loves stinky rooms.
Yes, I think that's right.
I don't remember Knott's.
Knott's has smells, but I don't think anything like...
There's a fart room this year.
Oh, yeah.
There's like an elephant butt farting.
There's an elephant butt farting, and it's so funny.
Knott's or Universal?
Knott's.
Knott's has elephant farts.
You just walk through them, there's just elephant butts and the tails fly up.
There's a clown in there, at least the couple times we've gone, where he goes stinky and
he points to the person you're with and he's like, they're the one who farted.
And it's not a scare room.
It's like literally you just walk through and there's just elephants farting.
This is one part of a maze that my toddler would love.
He would eat up every bit of that.
I'm always shocked that there are toddlers going through these mazes.
Every haunt.
I'm not saying to do that.
I'm not advocating for that, but I am always shocked.
If your toddler is willing, mine is...
I got a frady cat just like his frady cat dad.
God knows if you have a toddler who's into it.
Why not?
I guess.
I guess also there's that point too when the kid doesn't know what they're seeing even
too.
There's a point where maybe they...
There's like a point up to like three or four maybe where they're just like, okay,
lights and stuff.
Slashing lights.
Nice.
It seems too loud for little ears though.
It absolutely seems too loud.
It's too loud.
Too many strobe lights and stuff.
But I am still amazed when I see people just being like, fuck it, the kid's coming with.
That's everywhere.
I remember that at Meow Wolf in Vegas, a woman holding like an eight month old under her
arm, hiking up the spiral stairs.
I'm like, this is what?
You can't be enjoying this either.
Yeah.
I was just like, that's okay.
Just fuck it.
We're bringing the kid.
No other option.
We have to go to see what Omega Mart's all about.
Yeah.
So I like the holidays one.
Universal is always fun.
There's a ceiling on these mazes.
Maybe I've said this before.
Maybe I think we've talked about it there.
Where it feels like they run out of budget for certain like transitional rooms.
And it feels like there's a couple just like dark hallways that like take you out of the
immersive thing.
And I don't see it at knots as much, or at least I don't feel it at knots.
No, I don't think it's there.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I don't know if it's a budget thing or if it's not.
I'm sure everyone's working hard.
But I'm always a little bit like, I get really psyched.
Because I think we did that first, that the dark mother maze.
Thank you.
And we'll call it dark mother from now on.
The evil dead rise maze should be the dark mother maze.
And it's not, unfortunately.
And it's not.
It doesn't have a bird.
Yeah.
And I always get kind of like, oh, like maybe this year, like it's really they're going
to take it up like a crazy notch.
And then like there'll be a few mazes and like Stranger Things was like that where you're
like, yeah, but it's not quite.
Where were the elephants farting?
Where was the magic in a lot of these?
Yeah.
And they didn't have the weekend last year.
I really liked because it was kind of just an oddity for them.
But it's always there's a little something missing every year.
And I wish I don't know.
I don't know how you feel about it.
You have similar pages.
I think.
Yeah.
I feel like I think everybody who works that like the scare actors are all really good.
Absolutely.
The design is limited by some.
And some of the design is really good.
But it feels like there's a lot of like dark hallways where people are just popping out
of there's just a loud noise and somebody like pulling a curtain aside and jumping out.
It's like a black box theater.
You know, just it feels sort of predictable in some of the scares there, which I guess
is a thing I would say that it's a if you're a scaredy cat is good because you kind of
by the way, I know kind of how this is going to go.
Not as a little more of like keeping you on your toes.
I feel like they're they're using like a little shaker cans and banging drums.
And also they're jumping over you.
There's a lot of like overhead scares and not.
Yes.
Things will fly at you bungee kind of bungee.
Yeah, there was bungee.
Yeah, Jack.
Oh, we didn't talk about that.
I was surprised because you've talked you've brought that up in other haunts.
And I thought that sounded pretty scary.
And I didn't realize I'd be encountering a bungee guy.
I didn't know they had the budget for it at checktoberfest.
Yeah.
Pretty surprised animatronics.
So, you know, check that out on the page.
And if you want to hear more about that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They had bungee money.
Jason bought three sodas.
He's still coasting on that.
That's how he bought a dozen more franchise.
The entire empire.
Thank you, Jason.
Flush with cash ever since.
Yeah, not as the witch.
I'm like that.
Yes, I love that way.
And the Calico origins may.
Yes.
Which is one of my favorites.
So, yeah.
So if I had to ever say anything that I would say, I guess I would say I would say I would
say if I had to ever say anything negative, first of all, it's such a hard universal,
such a hard park to like walk around.
Yes.
You really feel like exhausted by the end of up and down.
And there's no again not there's no evil starway this year again.
Which I think.
Which really I was hoping написa like maybe they'll bring it back.
But the starway when you're on the escalators used to have like a scary voice.
Oh, and now it's just a regular voice.
I'm not playing happy during this, I don't think.
But they may as well be because the tone is still sort of just normal starway or just they
should do a parody because it's scary.
Great.
That would be great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think Chuckie one time was the voice of the yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
So that would have been good, too.
But yeah, the starway used to be like, don't smoke and don't smoke weed.
Like and you could say weed and you'd be like, whoa, who is this?
Big Yaddle taking over Universal Studios.
Oh, I wish.
I wish there was like a big Yaddle like, you know, there's a big minion you can see.
I wish from the five in Anaheim use a big Yaddle over the Daltese edge.
That's really what it's always flood shot eyes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Smoked up.
Yeah.
It's like the Paris Disney Paris Space Mountain.
Like there's a ride that like rockets out of Yaddle's blunt.
Because Yaddle's going to the moon.
You know what I mean?
I think Yaddle was killed in a comic that I send you.
Or did you send me this?
But did she make an appearance in one of the Disney TV shows at some point?
I don't know.
She's going to have to.
They're running out of characters to bring back.
Yeah.
We got to look Yaddle's in season nine of Ahsoka.
Everyone biting their tongue so hard it bleeds.
They're like, I'm so it wasn't my favorite.
It was pretty good.
I'm like, I'm going to go back to the show.
It was so it wasn't my favorite.
It was pretty good.
Oh, but Yaddle showed up.
Hey.
Yaddle showed up and she smoked all the Jedi up.
They didn't do anything for the rest of the episode.
This is a chill out.
You drink a lot of Blue Mills.
Jedi bottle episode because the hot pox with Yaddle.
Honestly would watch it.
Yeah.
You ever just think about the force?
It's pretty trippy if you think about it.
What are midichlorians?
Midichlorians.
Thank you.
Macassacre.
Everybody tried to say it at the same time.
When all those young things died, it was a real Macassacre.
We tried this happened last year where they make the they turn Jurassic
Patio into a cool neon lights bar.
This was the weekend last year.
The weekend last year.
But the same situation where it was too crowded up there and it just for how
much you have to get done.
It was a stranger things this year.
Right.
Yeah.
And again, it was as fun as the weekend like after hours party.
But it was still like, I want to go up there.
And then we went up there and the line was just insane.
The core of Jurassic Patio is that there are only five people.
It's not truly Jurassic Patio if it's not mostly deserted.
Yes.
Jurassic Patio is a wonderful place during the day to go up and chill out.
Jason loves his meal that now is bad.
He mentioned this recently.
There was a meal you used to love at Jurassic at the restaurant underneath.
You was fine when I had it recently.
What was it again?
Well, it used to be like mollo pork on a Ray Paz with rice and beans.
I don't.
I was trying so hard.
I still don't know how to say it.
Marissa, is that how you say it?
No.
Right.
Is it?
A repas.
But you don't have to do it all big.
I want to hear you do it all big.
Do it.
A repas.
That's close.
Roll the R.
A repas.
Oh, yeah.
I can't roll my R like that.
Sorpresa.
I thought I said mojo wrong.
Well, that's the English.
Oh, I can't speak to that word.
Oh, okay.
But you said it got worse, that dish.
It's just like pork dumped on a giant plate of rice.
Now, there's no beans.
But they got rid of the beans is what you're saying?
They used to have beans?
Yeah, I swear they did.
I swear to fucking God.
All right, all right.
I believe you.
Now, we ate inside because it was very hot today.
My family was up there, so I didn't make it up to Jurassic Patio.
Right.
There is good shading, though, at Jurassic Patio as well.
But if it was too hot, yeah.
But no, it turns into a hip nightclub during horror nights that I nab.
Ask anyone with a meter for what's hip.
They'll tell you the hippest spot in Los Angeles.
You've got to go to Jurassic Patio at Horror Night.
But you're saying the bar based on the TV show starring children is not as good as the bar based on the mega star.
Well, it didn't seem as exciting to me.
And the line was still crazy, but not as crazy as the weekend line.
That was more people were more drawn to a weekend club than Stranger Things Club.
But it was better because there was a longer line, but you're more mad at it because the line was longer.
I would say I was more mad at it.
Yeah.
It's also I think it's drawing to me because it's very it's an aesthetic I would like it a douchey pool party in Vegas.
I don't want to now force us into the main topic, but this does occur to me that the aesthetic of the big show we want to talk about.
I mean, the first that I knew this existed, I thought of you.
Yeah, I think a lot of listeners were the same.
Thank you for thinking of me.
And I guess I get I think that just being that there are like light strips in it.
Yeah, it's dark and there's lasers and it's neon.
And I like that.
And music is loud and music is loud.
Music is I don't know the neon is hip neon is timeless.
It's timeless.
Yeah, I think we all like neon, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
OK.
I love a neon sign.
Ooh, vintage neon.
Oh, give me that old gas.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
The show we're talking about has a lot of neon and it has smoke.
It has lasers.
It has EDM music.
Well, this is if I could read the tweet, because this is what I this is probably the first I heard of it.
And I definitely saw listeners going, oh, my mic meter is going off.
Correct.
Don't miss this new show where you will be thrust into the purge during a fiery EDM fight.
During a fiery EDM fueled stunt spectacular unprecedented fuel for anything.
Sound better than that.
Now, this is just to clarify.
I don't know that you listen to a lot of EDM.
I don't know.
I was about to put you on this, but now name your three favorite EDM artists.
So we were leaving and they're playing this loud music and we'll reveal why in a second.
But we're playing this music.
And I think I said to both of you, I said, I go, is this the prodigy?
It did. It did sound like fire starter, but a little off.
This is old 25 year old music.
I think our bud that sang in it, he passed away and for.
Oh, is that right?
I didn't know that.
So the prodigy.
So I was that was my reference essentially to EDM.
But it didn't sound that dissimilar to the prodigy.
I don't think I was so crazy.
I wasn't so wrong about how it sounded.
It sounded like something very derivative of it or like almost like a remix and homage to.
Sure. You know, well, that makes sense.
Yeah.
Theme park EDM.
That makes sense that it would be maybe not the most cutting edge.
Yes.
Kind of a pastiche of an older rendition.
Yeah.
The type of music that's what I liked about it.
It felt familiar.
Yeah.
Which is nice.
So yeah.
So this is a purge themed show and they're using the bones and the set.
I shouldn't say I should just say set of the Water World show.
So it's exact.
They haven't changed the set very much.
But and they don't use certain.
There's no like the plane doesn't happen.
Big plane.
I was wondering because it's been a while since I saw the actual Water World show.
I was like, maybe I get to see the plane.
I'm like, oh, they're going to make you pay another day to see the plane.
I guess so. Yeah.
I was wondering if they would shoot something else over the wall.
But I don't think there was a purge banner.
There are a lot of banners.
Yeah.
I think that was the most significant change shift.
Yeah.
And like day glow.
Like it's written in paint.
You can't see when you come in and then they shine lights on it.
And they have purge light different colored lights with the masks, the purge masks.
I don't know how to describe it.
The X's over the eyes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like iconography of the purge.
Now.
The purgers wear often.
We did some purge stuff like this point two years ago.
Yeah.
With J'Kees.
Yeah.
And I have not seen a purge movie still.
I've not watched one.
So I don't know anything more than I did then about the purge.
Whatever I learned there is what I know.
But that's how it should be.
You know, you shouldn't have to be a purge expert.
No. And they don't make you need to know anything.
It's a simple show.
I've never seen any purge movies either.
But what feels like 200 years of Halloween Horror Nights having the purge as a theme.
Everything I need to know.
Yeah.
Because it's a series of movies and one season of a TV show, I believe.
Where they that features a announce an announcer telling you what the purge is in every one of them, including this show.
Yeah, this is a recurring. You are reminded for sure.
You can come in on any purge, I would think, including the live show.
Good idea. Purge is a fun high.
Well, fun may be weird.
A good high concept idea.
But I've never had the desire to see a movie.
Sure.
It feels like it will be upsetting.
Yeah.
I don't think they're always such like orgies of over the top.
Yeah.
I enjoyed the first one.
I watched the first one, I think, before we talk to Jacqueeson.
First one pretty exciting.
It almost feels like more of a real movie.
You know, the way horror movies kind of start to get like pulpy and like the actors are kind of.
There's no more actors you've heard of in them.
And so the first purge is real.
That's Ethan Hawke in that one.
Yeah, yeah.
Good cast.
Uh huh.
Strong cast.
Okay, maybe I got to get into the purge.
Yeah, I didn't know he was in that.
I'll watch that.
It gets to from Ethan Hawke to Frank Grillo very quickly in terms of stars.
No shade to Grillo.
Yeah, yeah.
Multigullman cast member.
Don't let Grillo here.
He's a tough guy.
He's a tough guy.
He's going to come after you.
What'd you say about me?
So yeah, so the show.
So basically, yeah, the show starts with like an evil senator and his team kind of coming in and like relishing the idea that the purge, which if you don't know the purge, is like a 12 hour period where murder is legal and it's basically, you know, poor people kill each other while the very rich people and politicians all kind of like enjoy the chaos of all of it.
I hate to correct you.
All crime is legal.
Yeah, you're right.
Yes.
Including that.
They say all crime is legal, including murder.
Generally, that's like the topper for it.
But it's really it seems to be I think a recurring thing is that, yeah, if you don't have a lot of money, you're screwed in the purge.
If you have a lot of money, you can fortify these big compounds, which break always.
Of course.
The most purging happening to you.
It's all yes.
It's class warfare.
And yeah, so so the show starts with a very cocky senator talking about he's going to his whatever safe house with a name.
Do it was he just sent it when I think I heard Phil.
But I don't I don't know about last name.
Yeah, it's I want to know the full mythology.
I wanted to too.
And I was listening to it and I was like, I can't get a clear name from the video I'm watching.
And yeah, so there's somebody there's like he calls his advisor a name, but I couldn't catch the actual senators last name.
Well, he's one of the new founding fathers.
Sure.
The people who instituted the purge.
Right. Right. Right.
And yeah, he's very cocky, but I was going to watch.
He loves to see all these people hurting each other.
Salivating.
Salivating.
Yes. And he's a perfect villain.
It felt very like broad 80s action movie vibes, which I really enjoyed.
Yes, absolutely.
It felt like that.
And then, yeah, very quickly, the good guys of the piece, which are the I don't know the they're they're like have a group.
I forget if they have a name or not.
But the persistence, the persistence.
I call them that the sisters.
Yeah.
Right. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you don't you don't know.
You don't know.
You don't know.
There's a sister.
There's a sister who is the baddie at the beginning.
Yes.
But she's good.
She's a good baddie.
Oh, yeah.
The Gal Friday one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a turn that happens.
So, yeah.
Then at that point, there's a helicopter noise and then shooting happens and then like pretty quickly, EDM starts blasting and water ski or excuse me, jet skis fly out the sides with neon on them and just start doing the normal jet ski tricks that you're allowed to do in a tiny space like this.
Well, it's like they like cross each other and then turn around and cross each other.
Yeah, they can't.
There's a limited amount of things they can do for this.
That's cool to synchronize even in a resistance murderous night situation.
It looks neat.
That being said, it was very exciting when they flew out.
I got very excited.
It was thrilling.
Thrilling.
You guys also.
I don't know.
Oh, I was going to say the interesting thing to me in this is it is all the major stunts.
Of the Waterworld show intact in different contexts.
Yeah, sure.
But probably the thing you want the least for like stunt performers, a laser light show also going on.
Not at the same time usually.
Like people aren't doing giant falls while lasers are happening.
But I just thought it was a very interesting combination of like.
No one has to drop while a laser gets in their eye, which makes them stumble back the wrong way and fall not into the water.
Because yeah, it is dangerous to do this stuff.
So yeah, if somebody got hit with a stray laser, that would probably be bad.
Yeah, I was nervous for them.
I was like, are these the same stunt performers as the Waterworld ones?
Or because I feel like it's like doing a different show on the same stage in a different order.
Would you mix shit up?
Yes.
Oh, very good.
Oh, sure.
If you've been doing it for 20 years.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
So they go to the wrong queue where they're like supposed to fight the Mariner.
But you know, there's supposed to fight like the senators aides and then they're in the wrong spot.
And then the whole show gets screwed up because of how many queues are probably locked into the soundtrack.
Yeah.
Yeah. But no, that didn't seem to happen.
At least they covered it if it didn't.
They covered it up nicely if it didn't.
Sure.
I would say not to like back up to some like it just seemed to me from the video that an exciting moment is pre-story where just a bunch of lasers flash.
Like that tells you what you're getting that you're getting into an EDM fueled stunt spectacular.
EDM fueled is a very good way to describe something.
I would like to say it as much as I imagine the music fueling something.
Music being a liquid.
EDM should EDM could fuel cars in the future.
If you play EDM loud enough, we could combat climate change with EDM fuel.
EDM fueled mustard bubble gum.
These are alternative energy sources.
One moment though is that I you know, I saw that this existed and I saw a thumbnail of the video and I just watched the very beginning of it.
Not knowing we were going to be doing an episode and just from seeing the first 10 seconds where lasers flash and are redone.
Water world stunt show.
My first reaction was, oh my God, this looks pretty dumb.
Then I talked to both of you, Mike and Jason and in separate interactions, you both said, oh my God, that looks so cool.
Maybe just illustrates the difference.
That's an aesthetic difference.
Or maybe I'm maybe I'm too cynical.
I might illustrate my too high of cynicism.
Well, you know, fuel wasn't in me.
Well, you hadn't gotten to the third giant element of the show.
The many throat slashes.
Yeah, yeah.
Uh huh.
Yes.
Violence is hardcore.
That's for sure.
I would say it's brutal bloodshed.
It's like explosions of blood.
Very funny.
It's like very like mortal combat finishing moves like, you know, like a huge to be able to see a spray of blood at night in that big a stage from.
Yeah.
How close are you?
We were in the we were far.
The back row.
Right next to the speakers that make the helicopter noise.
Yes, we were.
It was very.
Yeah, maybe.
I hate to say it.
Maybe a bit too loud.
I don't I don't like admitting that to do she had a hard night.
She no maybe a bit too loud, just a little.
But I can handle it.
I could I could handle it.
You know, we could go through the plot.
But as you flash back to these horrible moments, Marissa, what is the one that like that one is like what would keep you up at night?
Truly like the amount of blood that like gushes forth and sprays like I was like, I can't believe they're doing this.
Like I just didn't expect that at a theme park.
And I loved it.
I'm like I'm on board for it.
But it was shocking.
So cartoonish.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's like it's there's like hoses hidden, I think, in my crates.
Oh, I couldn't tell where it was coming from in a video.
I think that you really can't tell.
Yeah, I think that's a guess because it just felt like there's no this is such like propulsion.
It feels like there's no way it's in like a sleeve of a performer.
It would blow their arm off.
It was like a hit.
Didn't somebody's head get smashed?
Yes, it was like like they laid their head down, like hit them with something like a wrench.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was there's throats, heads.
There's a point where the senator, I think it's a senator, is like begging for his wife's life.
And then they just go like, no, fuck her.
They kick her into a big barrel and then they like fire a gun into the barrel and it blows up.
Or it's like the aid.
And then there's like the guy gets killed by his neck being sliced in another horror movie.
She's like blood spurt.
And you're like, this is insane.
This is so like cartoonishly over the top.
Does it feel justified in the story from what you can tell?
Well, in the in the like, yeah, I mean, that's the whole isn't that every purge were like the rich people are getting their comeuppance.
At one point they say this is not revenge.
It's justice.
Yeah, yeah.
And it really resonated.
Over.
Like it really resonated.
Which means it was really big because it was hard to resonate over that.
Of course.
Yeah.
With such an aggressive beat.
And yeah, it was just like it was.
Yeah. Like Justin saying, like seeing an 80s action movie live, which yeah, I I thought, look, when I saw that this existed, I was just excited about the lights and the EDM.
I didn't know anything about the gore or the cartoonishness of it.
That was an added.
I was going to use the stage and like not do as big a show.
And it was pretty significant.
Yeah, I feel like that's what they have universal.
I think, you know, say what you will about the mazes versus other places and, you know, the kind of conventional scares that we sort of talked about sometimes happening.
I feel like nobody could do a show like that at any other theme park, but universal.
So I was like, why haven't they done this?
Yeah.
It's got like the high production value, like a high budget.
Yeah.
With like being genuinely upsetting and kind of edgy.
Yeah, that's I don't think you're going to see that.
Not maybe you'll go edgy or budgets are lower.
So it's an interesting blend for sure.
Yeah, they really they did.
I because I was trying to like rewatch like the old Miami Vice show and like this one.
And I didn't realize that they had done a horror nights thing before.
Have you?
Oh, yeah.
I know which slaughter world.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Two years.
Yeah.
Which looked even bloodier.
Right.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah, I couldn't.
I didn't watch a video to refresh my memory.
We definitely talked about that forever ago, but that's it's insane that this is the second iteration of and I guess you got a well, you know, you saw one live and maybe saw a video of the other.
I don't know.
I don't know how you if you had to compare them.
Was there anything about slaughter world that seems superior?
Yeah, I mean, I think the slaughter world kind of felt more akin to nots is like the hanging or like the Bill and Ted show maybe like a little bit more like provocative edge Lordy jokes.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
The main attraction is that they might say, you know, shit.
Right.
They'll they'll offend you.
If you're easily offended, then get out of this, you know, they'll be like a Dr. Phil joke, but it'll be like blue.
Yes.
And I have more songs.
I think it like there was like musical numbers in slaughter world.
I always seem to recall that there's sort of like a leather clad female equivalent of the who's the.
Yeah, we can talk about this and that the the entrance music on that big fan boat is nearly for Tato's Maneater.
Oh, and there's like a like not only stunts, but like stunt like sex essentially like there's like a big like intense make out versus.
This is scandalous film this like clearly filmed it a few times and they definitely had a punch in of like they knew that like there was going to be the steamy part in the front row.
And it's just like they're they're going at each other's mouths with the level that only a stunt person can.
It would be safe for normal people to do that.
No, absolutely not.
I saw somebody on those WGA picket lines just you know to try to get you know drum up support for the WGA like that guy lit himself on fire who was a stunt person just making out with somebody really dangerous in a dangerous way.
Teeth were all over their old head.
Yeah, teeth were in trouble.
If you didn't know what you were doing.
Oh yeah, that was teeth on teeth.
You don't know what you're doing.
Yeah, that's a little sadder.
Two sets of teeth.
Try to do it like that.
What I think is interesting about this too is it feels like it's a normal theme park stunt show trope of like something's happening and then here comes some people like invaders.
But generally it's like those are the bad guys.
So it's like usually like oh the Joker has shown up and now the fight happens.
But this is this version is the good guys of the story show up and are now just going to kill the people that were there first.
So like it's flipping the normal.
It's colonization baby.
Sure.
Well do you think that we are saying how this is the show is reflective of our times in a way and the notion of getting revenge against corrupt politicians.
Do you think like maybe the show a show like this couldn't have been done before the current era.
I would think that that's giving everyone a lot of credit and maybe they deserve it.
But I'm never I'm never sure exactly what the the universe creatives because the Bill and Ted isn't too far away as far as in our memories.
So yeah I guess I guess there's there's certainly politics in the show.
I guess you can't avoid that.
But it's tough to like we were saying before how like you kind of you know or you like the idea maybe of like getting ours against the crooked politician.
But then the biggest scale version of this that we've seen in America I don't agree with the people who are climbing the Capitol Wall.
Yeah let's say so I if it's meant to if it's meant to be a January 6th analog I guess I don't like that.
I don't think so.
I don't think the show is trying to convince us that they're the good guys.
I don't think so.
Cool.
The problem with you weren't rooting for the people because they weren't playing cool enough music.
Not enough lasers.
They didn't bring lasers only zip ties.
If the shaman had EDM blasting from a boombox everything would have been different I guess.
It would change his whole vibe.
I don't think this show was really giving any sort of nuance to things.
I think it was a it was a very simple idea and maybe deconstructing sort of January 6th and what exactly happened might have taken longer than 15 minutes.
It seems pretty focused on purge based political specifics.
Yeah I think you need I think it's gonna have to at least be the length of the Aladdin show at Disney's California Adventure to really get into sort of the ins and outs of what was happening that day.
Is that about 45 or?
45 yeah 45.
45 in an hour.
So you need your topical your genie character slot who can address like the current you know.
Yeah he can poke fun at yeah of course he can poke fun at it he can ask questions.
He can speak to both sides of the aisle.
Right right.
It's a rare figure who can do that nowadays but the genie has got the magic.
And that year when Apple removed the headphone jack from the iPhone like the show got much longer you know.
He had a lot of jokes about the headphone jack.
You mean the Aladdin show or the hypothetical show we're talking about?
The Aladdin show.
The Aladdin show.
We were saying yeah.
They had to add five minutes to that show yeah.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah well and then yeah because they're not going to cut the Dr. Phil stuff.
No no.
But they had to get new props where he's trying to plug a regular headphone into like an iPhone.
Bringing the headphone jack.
Yeah.
Snooki you can't lose Snooki.
Was Snooki in the Slaughter World Show?
I bet she was.
I did honestly do some like fast forward like double tap like 10 seconds ahead.
I was like okay there's not a stunt.
Go go dancing.
No Snooki joke.
Fast forward fast forward.
Yeah so I was imagining like oh yeah this is where the Riddler would show up at the Six Flags.
And now it's sort of turned on its head.
But yeah they do all as Jason was saying it's like repurposed stunts.
They use that like zip line kind of thing with a cage.
So like get to platforms and the action's happening everywhere like right in front of us too.
So the blood cannons are everywhere.
Well I would say because there's like these like scaffolding kind of structures.
And there are some guys that just have some neon reflective you know goggles on.
And they're just climbing up and climbing down.
I think that's all they did was climb up and climb down like a lizard you know.
And then they're like oh now I'll come down.
So I don't know if the guys closest to us were doing all that much.
But they added some ambiance.
Yeah.
There's lookouts maybe.
Yeah I think that was just to me like oh it's dangerous it's wild.
Something happening everywhere.
Every corner of the.
So there was like there was blood spray right by us somewhere.
And I do wonder I wish there was like there wasn't like a media thing for not to where I think we could have toured some of like the behind the scenes.
I would have been very interested.
Where are you hiding the blood cannons?
I want to see the blood cannons during the day.
Could they shoot something else?
Maybe are they like shooting water on the like during the Waterworld show perhaps?
Like I don't know the answers to these questions.
These are just hypotheticals.
They're water hoses not blood hoses.
Right maybe there's a tank of water somewhere.
But they replace it with a tank of fake blood.
I love it.
And they could replace it with a tank of bubblegum mustard for another show.
Well I was going to say they just dump a packet of the kool-aid of the mustard.
Oh yeah maybe.
The pickle kool-aid.
This is when this type of hot dog really takes off coast to coast.
And then they then a new show becomes like you know it's.
Wait what was the what was the evil character?
There's a doctor.
Oh Dr. Oddfellow.
Yeah all right Dr. Oddfellow's giant hot dog factory.
Oh man.
They use all the what that you still have the water tank but it's dirty hot dog water.
Yeah.
And they send giant hot dogs sailing past kool-aid.
Starring Jason.
Yeah yeah yes and he's Dr. Oddfellow.
Yeah it could be a non-horror character just like.
Yeah there's nothing scary about it.
Hello.
Dr. Weiner.
Dr. Weiner.
And then enjoy the last room chocolate covered starfish.
Oh my god.
There's a room too.
Yeah well that's the room at the end they launch a.
You do the show then you walk into a tiny room.
Yeah.
And that's where the water is.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah and there's a plush pile in there.
Not the one you think.
Which one are you thinking?
Matt it's up to you.
Further questions.
The end of the show is particularly I don't know it's not crazier but it just feels a
little crazier because it's like they finally have the senator cornered that twist which
all the advisor is actually the sister of one of the resistance people and the senators
begging for his life he's trying to make a deal there at like the highest part of the
sets I don't know if you guys saw this.
Yeah.
The highest part of the set and essentially what just happens is they say yeah this is
not revenge this is justice and they set the man on fire and shoot him into the water
and as soon as.
Marissa's eyes are wide.
Yeah.
And as soon as he hits the water EDM dance party starts and it is like the end of the
Criss Angel show where he has the rave to stop pediatric cancer.
Wow.
It felt exactly the same thing only this time now they're celebrating that a man fell from
a very high height while on fire.
We killed a man.
We killed a man via falling and a flamethrower and it's am I crazy or does the in the regular
Waterworld show does does not someone just emerge on fire as opposed to another actor
has to blast the flamethrower and hit and it's like aimed at their face and their face is
just clearly like their face is liquid it up.
Yeah.
Like the flame return stuff but that's a nuts level of coordination.
Regular Waterworld I think they just shoot a flare gun.
OK.
I feel like the the deacon who's clearly wearing a mask and it's covered in goo.
But this guy's not wearing a mask.
It's just a regular guy's face.
It's a regular guy and then someone's up there with the flamethrower like dancing.
And I applaud it.
Like I truly and I don't know what that says about me.
I feel like there are multiple moments where I went yeah.
Like you didn't know what was happening as you were clapping.
We all celebrated like like our kid had won a soccer game.
So excited for just the absurd moment to have happened.
And then just that it was a mix of the crazy looking stunt and then the dance party that is immediate.
Everyone dances.
Everyone is dancing while the EDM plays.
And that's it.
That's the end of the show.
The lights come up and they send you on your way.
And you have to figure out which way to go because there are multiple ways to go.
And I was like which way is the exit.
Yes.
And if this show was packed like it's all like the Water World show is still packed because that's why it's still going on.
It seems ridiculous.
But they're building new Water World shows across the globe.
New tributes to Atolls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's been no ones in the last three years.
Are you kidding me?
Universal Beijing has a whole land with it.
It expanded.
The show is so popular.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's such a popular show.
Not movie show.
I remember seeing it in the theater and being horrified because I was a child and I was like oh no is water going to be an issue.
It was just so scary.
Yeah I know.
You're a guilt person or whatever.
But yeah the place was packed even more packed I feel like than a normal Water World show maybe.
It's the only time I ever wanted to see a show at Horror Nights though.
I think every other time it's like what like Jabberwockies or.
Yeah.
I was like why aren't you just doing the Beetlejuice show again.
Just do that.
Yeah.
I know.
Well get everybody in the theater groping and touching each other's dicks over the pants.
Getting all Bobert.
The hornyest show in entertainment.
Oh yeah.
Genie would be talking about Bobert.
Do you think Genie would be booed by the current California adventure crowd.
For his half of it.
For a Bobert.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't think she's.
Genie is pretty.
Much beloved.
Genie is a very Leno sort of type where he's going to go after all sides.
So I feel like they can appreciate that about Genie is that he's not he's not political.
He's just in it for the jokes.
So I think that he wouldn't get booed.
But I could be wrong.
And then it'll hit him with a Gavin Newsome French joke.
That's Jay's philosophy.
He would do a Bobert then a French laundry and then everybody's happy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Genie is very much a populist like that.
I also just want to say I think it's crazy that they would depict a senator getting lit
on fire and then falling to their death because I don't know if you saw the full autopsy the
death report but that's how Dianne Feinstein died.
And she was back in.
Oh thank you.
And then she was like.
Oh yeah.
And then she was like.
Oh yeah.
And then she was like.
Oh yeah.
And then she was like.
Oh yeah.
And then she was like.
I'm going to go back in office the next day.
All right.
We still got enough here.
Charged remains.
Put in the chair.
Seems insensitive.
I did not know that.
You would assume old age but once the full of the report came out.
I didn't know.
The Waterworld report came out.
Waterworld scandal.
It was at the Waterworld show too.
But unrelated to the show.
She was just attending.
Well that's where her office is.
At the top of the.
At the top yeah.
Honestly on that big plane.
If you could have.
She's from California.
That's right.
If you could pick an office anywhere for sure you'd be there.
Actually having the.
The death so close to the.
A big dance party.
Maybe that is like how the January 6th people thought it would go.
Probably.
I bet that is true.
So we'll light Mike Pence on fire.
Make him walk off the top of the Capitol building.
And then we'll all.
Everyone agrees the cops start high fiving us.
Did you just say are you humming all your songs?
I was just thinking.
Are you humming y'all ready for this?
Yeah.
Well is it not.
Has the music progressed that much further than y'all ready for this?
Not so much.
I was just thinking it was an interesting choice.
Yeah.
No it had more of it.
It was slightly.
It was more of a.
It was more.
It was more.
It sounded like yeah.
It was a dubstep break in the y'all ready for this.
Yeah.
For sure.
It was a newer version of it.
I guarantee some.
I think the most interesting theme park on this planet in the last 24 hours y'all ready for this has played somewhere.
Oh I'm sure.
Yeah I would think so.
Yeah.
There was a video of Michael Jordan on vacation somewhere and somebody played the intro song for the Bulls while he was there and everyone's going nuts.
And I was like yeah.
What did he think?
Was he annoyed by it?
No he seemed like he was having a great time.
Thank God.
Yeah.
You do not want to get on his bad side.
Oh yeah.
You don't want it to be.
He's watching an iPad later and thinking about you.
I was upset with his optimism and I heard there's a DJ there and I took offense to that.
I was upset with him.
With his drink level constantly going up and down between shots.
Sure.
Yeah.
He seemed happy.
He didn't get up or anything.
So he didn't come leave to enter again as they play the music.
It would have been great if he did the whole thing and had the Jersey Superman maybe.
He's always got it on underneath.
Because he would like to still be playing.
So yeah.
No it didn't.
I was like yeah.
I like giving one of these.
Wow.
Which I like.
Yeah good.
So anyway.
So that's the show.
It's a simple show.
Yeah.
But a very.
It's a simple show about simple people with laser capes.
Laser mohawks.
Home spun.
Alright.
He's running.
Mike's running.
But yeah definitely the highlight of Fortnite this year for me.
Yeah.
You guys too?
Yeah I think it was like definitely tops.
I mean that.
Chuckie.
Monstros.
All that stuff.
But I feel like it's something you can't get anywhere else.
Yeah.
Yes.
And yeah with budget wise.
Obviously there's grosser things.
There's fetus stuff that you can go do somewhere.
But that's for.
That's a different budget level.
You're not getting a high budget Waterworld show where they're throwing.
It's an emotional budget.
Yeah.
You need a high emotional budget to be touching by a fetal pig.
I don't think we had the emotional budget for that.
Right.
I don't think we had that.
But this is the.
This has got to be the highest budget gore show that exists in like a theme park.
Yeah.
I would think.
Maybe.
I don't know what's going on in Orlando but I bet you're right.
Yeah.
Maybe because it's like scale.
Yeah.
I feel like we touched on it briefly but now I'm not going to know the name.
In Orlando there's the show.
Are like commenters bringing it up.
Oh nightmare fuel.
I feel like we need to go deeper in the night because that might be the bodyist.
I think that's the body or yeah.
This is more of an action show.
Yeah.
And that's more of the like topical material show.
I think.
Or is it just more about sexy dancing.
Women flipping their hair back.
There's some of that as well.
Can you imagine in a theme park?
Yeah.
I can't and I don't want to.
And I will not.
But is there any plus ups can we think.
Like is there any way to make the show better.
Is there any improvement.
I mean more longer.
I mean let's bring the plane into the show.
Yeah we have.
Yes.
How would you decorate it though.
Yeah.
It's got to have like crazy like neon piping.
Yeah.
You could put some neon piping.
Maybe like a tasteful bikini.
What.
A tasteful plane sized bikini.
Oh the plane is wearing a bathing suit.
Yeah.
Oh.
Wait wait.
Like a neon bikini.
So will the plane have like eyelashes painted on the like windshield.
No don't be ridiculous.
So the plane is not an anthropomorphic plane that you're attracted to.
It's just a bikini plane.
Yeah.
This is the purge.
Anything's legal.
Even a bikini plane.
Yeah I mean it could be.
So the plane.
I guess I guess with the purge you could put some eyelashes.
Hold on.
Hold on here.
Hold on everyone hold on.
If you make it too anthropomorphic you get into planes fire and rescue territory.
Well I'm just feeling out the idea you've thrown out here.
Is the plane like a purger plane.
Like have they dressed up the plane for fun or is the plane coming to rescue them.
And the plane is also.
The plane alive is what you're asking.
That's what I'm asking.
I think well maybe the plane has like the neon mask for the movies with like the neon
masks and stuff.
Yeah.
And then it also has like a bikini.
Or chaps.
Where?
What is the part of the plane?
Hanging off the wings or the tail.
Wings?
Oh I guess there are wings on the plane.
I was imagining a helicopter.
Yeah yeah yeah.
It's a sea plane.
Okay I hate to ask this and I don't want to be so.
Is the landing gear the bosom of the plane?
Is that where the bikini would be on?
Or is it upside down?
Or is it upside down?
The bosom's on top.
Is the bosom on top of the plane?
I mean this is something for Universal Creative to work on.
Oh you don't want to decide.
No no this isn't my call you know.
Well okay Jason doesn't want to put.
I think it's a living plane.
That would be fun for me I think as if now Purge has planes that are alive and can feel
and can land after the Senator's death and say hey guys let's party.
Let's party.
The plane is almost like Rodney Dangerfield in Caddyshack or something where it's just
like hey come here.
Or like back to school because Rodney does a big dive at the end.
That's the most current reference I could have made for a character that shows up that
wants to party.
Wants to party 50 years ago when there was a movie.
I mean it kind of tracks with the music that was playing at the Purge.
Very true yeah.
It wasn't Kenny Loggins playing after the.
Oh that's a good plus up.
Maybe one Kenny Loggins song.
EDM Kenny Loggins and EDM I'm Alright.
Hey everybody we're going to get laid as somebody says at the end and then Kenny Loggins I'm
Alright plays at the end of a Purge stunt show.
It's an evil caddyshack.
Slaughter shack.
Slaughter shack.
Who owns it?
Does Universal own it?
Don't remember.
I don't know.
Jason can you help us out here?
Who owns Caddyshack?
Yeah.
Very important we look this up.
Any other ideas plus wise or things you'd want to see even in the Waterworld show like
a different property or something that you could do a kind of gory show.
What are your favorite horror movies?
I love The Thing.
Sure.
John Carpenter's The Thing.
That would be a great maze.
Yeah I think they did it in 2011 when they were like the requel kind of one.
I was too afraid to go to Haunts at that point.
Oh yeah that's a good idea.
But I've watched a video and I've been like damn I wish I wasn't afraid when that happened.
I wish I could have somebody in their words neg me into Someday.
I'd love to bring Jaws into that area right that kind of makes sense.
I know we've got Jaws on a lot.
Oh but a live Jaws show where a Jaws is puffing up.
Yeah.
Maybe eating people and blood is spraying out of its mouth or something.
Yeah.
How would you do the stunts that have to happen like above?
Well in Jaws 2 there is a scene where there's a rescue copter that comes and Jaws jumps
and like bites onto it and drags it down.
So I'd love to see that recreated in front of an audience.
And Jaws 3 is in the sea world so you have justified water skiers and water skier towers
and stuff that's already ready to go.
And at the end you dress the plane up like a giant shark with a bikini on.
With a bikini.
I don't know which side is which.
That's for Universal to decide.
Well my good news Caddyshack was released by Warner Brothers and Universal already has
with the Harry Potter deal a co-theme park deal with Warner Brothers.
You're saying that's going to be no problem legally.
So I'm saying they'll get Caddyshack in there.
Good news.
This is good news.
So as long as the Doug Kenny estate gets a dollar per ticket like JK Rowling.
Also did we know about the Murray Brothers Caddyshack restaurant?
The golf themed restaurant?
My God.
Oh my God no.
If it existed in Celebruary when Marissa was here last then we sadly didn't bring it up.
Where is that?
St. Augustine, Florida?
Interesting because the Murray Brothers I know about their golf clothing line that exists
and their golf accessories but I did not know about the restaurant.
So that's interesting.
We'll have to look into that.
It's got a giant golf ball on the.
Oh and it says Caddyshack on it.
That looks fun.
You know what you're getting into.
It's so like dumb Planet Hollywood style.
Rarely has there been a building in the last few years where something was added flying out of or into the building.
I know.
Only City Walk.
That's why you got to go up there.
Yeah.
Well I think we made it and I think that I can say Monstressa Shreekland and Justin Michael Myers you survived podcast The Fright.
Wow.
Thanks for giving me the most fun outro possible and let's exit through the crypt shop.
Is there anything you'd like to plug?
I mean if you are interested in seeing more of my spooky delights.
You can just go to Marissa Shreekland dot com and you know be nice to each other.
Not nice be kind.
Kind is better than nice.
I'm like I'm anti nice.
Too much.
It's performative.
It's performative.
Yeah that's true.
It's thinking about the other instead of genuinely doing something.
That's a good distinction.
Wow.
Wow.
I think I'm going to do.
Queen of nagging me into going to Mazes on that one.
And it worked.
It rhymed.
Justin plug.
Oh yeah I'm online.
Hey Justin.
On X.
On X.
Yeah exclusively on X.
Me and Elon.
Only.
You can listen to Nature Talks to Itself.
It's an improv podcast.
First podcast by nature for anybody.
Oh yes.
I sent I sent in a voice letter.
Yeah.
You guys have you been.
I did a voice letter.
Mm hmm.
That's what you call it.
Voice letter.
Probably not.
We have a section called snail mail where people call in as like plants or animals and things
and they get advice from us.
I did do it.
A rock and a leaf.
I did it.
Yeah right.
Jason have you done it.
No.
Okay well.
You're next.
It was.
The horror movie.
Uh oh yeah.
A house.
I believe a haunted house.
I know our nights.
Marissa also brought Tato chips.
Oh yeah.
Wait.
Yes.
So really briefly Justin and I went to Ireland and you know before you guys I had zero affinity
with Mr. Tato and now.
Oh yes.
I covered Tato Park this Irish theme park in our European vacation series and you did
the episode despite not having been.
You just like sparks to the idea of it and that was a particularly delightful one I thought
in deepest pandemic and now you've been.
Well I've been to Ireland I haven't been to Tato Park.
Oh right.
It was rebranded.
Did it like.
It's called Emerald Park I think now.
Had Tato still been the mascot of the park we would have definitely gone.
But our flight was delayed.
You know there wasn't time to drive the distance to get there we would have gotten there right
at closing so we did not go to Emerald Park I'm sure it's lovely but I did want you to
eat some of my cannon husband Mr. Tato.
I brought cheese and onion chips or they're calling it flavor potato crisps.
Not potato sticks.
No not the little sticks that's for hot dogs that's for novelty hot dogs.
Those are hot dog dressings.
But I hope you enjoy.
You know Tato's still got his hat he's still waving his four fingers and you know he's
happy.
Wow wow.
Oh it's so it's so nice to hear it's so nice to hear you guys are doing well.
Yeah it's real great.
Good for me to be humiliated publicly with your new husband.
A mascot on a chip bag.
Join the cuddle puddle.
He's in my you're all everybody.
I mean those crisps are going to be crushed if you cuddle too hard.
If you cuddle with Tato himself too hard he will be crushed.
He will be crushed.
The mashed potatoes.
Yeah.
Well this is Delilah.
So happy to have both of you guys in together.
Dream scenario.
This is wonderful.
And as for us you can find us on X obviously this site the cool site with the logo that
looks like the masks in the purge.
That's what's so cool about it.
Remain will always be cool.
Haunt cast the fright merchant RT public store for three bonus episodes every month.
Check out haunt cast the fright the cemetery gate where the Shaq soda issue first came
up.
We have one more bonus episode on our RIP tier crypt three all of that at Patreon.com
slash podcast the ride.
So fun.
I guess let's let's bust your husband.
This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson Jason Sheridan Scott
Brett Boehm Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts please visit forever dog podcasts.com and subscribe to our shows
on Apple podcasts Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at forever
dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
