Forever.
Dog.
Warning.
The following live podcast is hosted by three men nursing severe abracadabra hangovers.
One of us was nearly too depressed to perform tonight, having lost his Mickey hat on Guardians
cosmic rewinds.
That's true.
During the show, one of the hosts may start floating Yogi Bear style towards the aromas
wafting from Gideon's bakery.
And now, just down the road from the world's largest McDonald's, it's podcast at Ridley!
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
So psyched to see everybody.
Welcome to Podcast the Ride Live.
Thank you.
Hosted by three guys who are thrilled to be here, but also need to wrap it up quick so
we can wake up at 7 a.m. for the Tron virtual queue.
Maybe some of you guys too.
I'll soon check my app to make sure my name is in there, which is Scott Gertner.
Hi.
Hello, everybody.
My name is in my app as well, and it's Mike Carlson.
Thank you.
Tap it, applause.
That's okay.
And my name is not in the app.
I'm having a lot of difficulties, but I am Jason Sheridan.
Here, let's have a seat.
Let's settle in.
There's a lot going on.
I think we've got some fun surprises for you.
How's everybody feeling at the late show here?
Wow.
You know, I did the check in the first show, but why not do it?
Disney people, Disney cast members.
We got them.
Great.
Universal people.
Do we have universal people?
What do you call that?
Are you minions?
Are you minion?
What are you?
Team members, right?
Welcome, team members.
And, well, here's a round of applause, and this should be everybody who's excited to
be at Icon Park on iDrive.
Icon Park fans.
This is the most PTR ass place that we've ever done a show.
I can't believe it.
We did one right before this at some point in the window, a little train passed by.
So there's a lot of entertainment for us.
I like that.
That's true.
We're doing this in the shadow, for listeners who haven't been to this place, we're doing
it in the shadow of a giant Ferris wheel.
That is right behind.
I hope people hit it up before or after.
Let's all go right after.
We are really, really near a Madame Tussauds, like steps away.
Like if we all just like, it's less than 100 feet, right?
We could all encounter a wax bad bunny.
I wish I could say that was one of our guests this evening.
We are not going to wheel in a wax bad bunny.
We love Icon Park.
We're excited to be in Icon Park.
But we didn't come to Orlando just to be in Icon Park.
We of course had equally stupid places to visit.
We didn't even, of course we wanted to come here, but it was kind of out of our hands.
It was something that we had to do, a mission that we were given, if you will.
It was out of our hands.
It was out of our control.
We feel the weight of it now.
It's been a tough week.
It's been a busy week.
The only person I think who can fully explain what exactly this mission entails is Mike
Carlson.
Okay.
I just want to get this perfectly correct.
We're here for a daily, extremely necessary series.
Exploring the stores, restaurants, chocolate emporiums, and wonderful magic that makes
up Universal City Walk Orlando.
It's happening.
It's happening.
This is the announcement right here.
And we've even been issued the name.
From on high, we've been given the name.
What is the name?
The City Walk Orlando saga, the multiverse of madness.
Wow.
It has been said this is our big Marvel Hall H or whatever the hall is.
It's Hall H.
That's the Disney letter.
It's Hall H.
Well, no, I know that, but where do they do announcements like at D23 or if they're at
the contemporary, what's the other D23, the one here?
Is there a Hall D?
Destination D.
Do they do anything for that?
Is it the Hall D?
What is it?
There's a Hall D23 at D23, right?
Am I wrong?
There were a few people talking.
You know what?
Ultimately, who cares?
What we're about to do is going to be better than any Marvel movie.
Even the ones that were better 10 years ago, remember?
It's going to be better than all of them.
We're so excited.
We're going to be back with our first daily mall-oriented series in a long time.
You would be shocked how little time we have spent in theme parks since we got here on
Monday.
We have to go drink slushy drinks.
We have to have desserts with desserts on top of those and desserts on top of those.
It simply must be done.
How are you guys holding up?
Well, I think I said in the first show, the first few days, I was like, wow, it's really
leisurely here at City Walk Orlando.
And then yesterday kind of rocked all our shit, like kind of cleaned our clock.
And coincidentally, it was also the day that Universal Florida, like half the park was
down and we were greeted by announcements at the front.
I have never heard anything like this saying, like, Universal Florida is experiencing a
number of technical difficulties.
If you have a multi-park pass, why not start your day at Islands of Adventure?
And it's like, oh, I've never heard a suggestion of like, perhaps you would have more fun if
you went next door.
Go away.
Welcome everyone.
Now unwelcome.
Don't come in.
Yeah, that set the tone.
It set the tone.
But you know what?
You know what was good?
Because it helped us focus.
It helped us focus and go have one of the worst lunches we've ever had in our lives.
And I'm not going to reveal the place.
It is surprising, but at least half the table was like hand in head bent over.
Like, oh no.
And it only got worse from there.
The night ended with me cackling joker-esque to myself.
I was at a little bar where the bartender asked me, do you need some water?
In a way where he seemed really worried.
But we're not going to reveal all of this yet.
The official, here's the timelines of the listeners here at 2.
Here's what we're committing to.
Q1 2024.
This series will be released.
We can't wait to do it.
And it's been such a blast being here and doing it and meeting a lot of great Orlando
folks.
And look, we're crazy, but we're not that crazy.
We had to slot in some time for some other stuff, which is the topic of tonight's show.
You know, we could do one of these fly by night new attractions that everyone is abuzz
about.
One of these trendy things that people are interested right now.
Will they be in decades?
Who knows?
These fancy coasters and what have you.
Actually, wait.
So the hat.
I lost my hat on the Guardians coaster two days ago.
And I'll probably retell this whenever we talk about it on an episode.
Well, you're not one to retell stories.
Well, when the stories are so good, you have to repeat them.
I lost my hat.
I was wearing it.
I forgot I was wearing it.
The employee was like, I go, oh, sorry, I lost my hat on the ride.
How do I see if somebody can find it?
And he goes, did they tell you to take it off?
And I go, oh, I didn't.
If they did, I didn't hear it.
I just kind of forgot I was wearing it or whatever.
Well, they probably told you to take it off.
I go, yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
And he goes, I need a big sigh.
And I go, I'm not mad.
I'm not yelling at you about it.
And he goes, well, maybe.
I don't even remember how to resolve.
He was just like, maybe they'll find it.
I don't know.
And then I found somebody else and they go, oh, just go to Lost and Found.
So kind of a come down from an incredibly exciting roller coaster with great music into
a harsh customer service interaction.
He was mad at me.
It did not result in you getting your hat.
He made me feel, yes.
At that point, what has happened since, Mike?
I got an email.
They found the hat.
So I'm going to Disney Springs tomorrow to pick up my hat.
Yes.
Get that hat.
Get that hat.
Get that hat.
Get that hat.
Get that hat.
And here's the thing.
And somebody pointed this out to me and I'll talk about it later.
That hat now has sort of had like a walk off on a ride.
So now that I'm going to be wearing the hat going forward, I will know this hat has been
in the bowels of Guardians' coaster, which is pretty sweet.
Will I share that with any normal human?
We'll see.
This hat touched a floor.
But what a floor.
Yes, no ordinary floor.
A special floor.
So what are we talking about?
What is tonight's entertainment?
What we're talking about is a tradition.
It is an Epcot tradition.
It is a tradition that we've never covered on the show.
It is very special.
It is very rare.
It only runs for one third out of the entire year, every year.
It appeals to our love of treats, our love of adult libations.
And what we are talking about this evening is the Epcot International Food and Wine Festival.
Yeah.
I heard a good yeah from the audience.
Which we have now been to twice.
It was going when we were here in 2019 too.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
And two years ago for a bachelor party.
I'm representing the bachelor party right now.
Cool bachelor party Epcot retro shirt.
I love it.
I'm getting addicted.
It's got to be at least every two years.
I have to leave my young son to go drink wine in a fake Morocco.
I absolutely must.
It's been a tradition since 1996.
And that's the only fact I know about it.
The research over, the end.
But here's one thing.
You don't have to research to know this.
The best way to do the Epcot Food and Wine Festival is to get a big group together.
You know, you want a big rowdy, hard drinking, hard snacking crew.
Yeah.
Right?
And we got the three of us.
That's something.
That's a start.
And we did grow it from there.
And luckily we did grow it from there.
Of course, Jason's girlfriend Jane is here.
Give it up for Jane.
Where's Jane?
Yeah.
She's here.
Happy Jane Clare was with us.
We made new friends as we went.
Taylor's Taylor.
Hey Taylor.
Great to meet you, Taylor.
Kevin.
Where's Kevin?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, good to see you.
Thanks for making it.
Kevin from Telethon who loves Epcot and Tomorrowland music loops as much as I do.
So we're, you know, we're meeting people.
We're making new friends, but we still, we wanted more.
What we thought is there, is there somebody who we really love who's been on the show
before who could join our big Epcot drinking posse?
And we started running through friends of the show who live in the Orlando area.
Matt Cardona, the wrestler we discussed.
Who helped us find this venue, brought us to Tin Roof.
Thank you, Matt.
Hashtag thank you, Matt.
Where's Matt?
Matt is wrestling in Japan tonight.
Shoot, shoot.
We thought of podcaster and founder of theme park planning site touring plans, the great
Len Testa.
That is someone we checked in with.
He's in the area.
Why can't Len Testa be here?
He's also wrestling in Japan.
Just kidding.
He's giving some sort of a theme park based talk at MIT with Jim Hill.
Wow.
MIT Tin Roof.
MIT Tin Roof.
I think we're having some fun, right?
So we're distraught.
We don't know what to do.
And luckily a friend of the show stepped up and said, well, I'm in the area.
And by that I mean the East Coast of America.
I'm practically next door in New York City.
I will pop down.
That's the kind of baller move that makes you want to bump a guy up from being just
an accidental PTR legend.
Ladies and gentlemen, from Blake Check, it's Griffin Newman.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yes.
Wow.
I really appreciate you guys introducing me with the names of guests who would have been
more exciting.
I love a good anticlimactic windup.
No, no.
We built it up for distance wise.
You traveled the nation to be here.
It's so exciting.
We were just saying you didn't have anything going on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who's not booking?
I guess none of us have been.
It's true.
You either just got to become a data scientist or enter the squared circle and just start
getting tossed around a little.
You know?
I've always been stuck between those two poles.
Hard science and physical competition.
And I exist in this weird nebulous middle space.
Well, we'll help you out.
I'll hit you with a chair in the back when we're wrapping up.
Thank you.
I don't know how much it's going to continue to be relitigated across the show or if I
should just butt in with my Rashomon perspective now.
But Mike and I were sharing a row at Cosmic Rewind.
Yes.
Oh, no.
Add your perspective for sure.
Okay.
You have an interesting one.
So when he stepped off the ride and said, hey, I'm sorry, my hat flew off.
Do people, do they collect objects?
His line was, let me ask you a question.
Did someone tell you to take your hat off?
Like he said it with that scolding energy.
Yeah.
To which Mike said, no, I don't think anyone did.
And when that conversation is done, he walks over to me and says, I'm not wrong, right?
They didn't tell us to take our hats off because I was wearing a hat.
And I said, Mike, a woman leaned over to me very quietly, not a secret, but just it wasn't
serious pronouncement and said, you may want to hold onto your hat, which is very different
from you must take your hat off.
Yeah.
Indeed.
And to just rewind a little further, Cosmic Rewind a little further, the ride starts,
we're launched, 10 seconds in, everyone else is screaming, and I just hear Mike go, well,
I lost my hat.
And I look over and he's just full speed going.
And then at that moment, the words rung in my head, I held onto my hat for the rest of
the ride and I made it through.
Okay.
So because I lost my hat, did you give an extra tug or grab your hat?
The bravery of your hat saved my hat.
All right.
Wow.
Let's all thank his hat.
Yeah.
Thank you, hat.
Thank the hat.
I put my hat in the little pouch.
Like a good boy.
Like a good boy and a game back safe and sound.
It's also nice to know, I mean, it's clearly from you being here and for the listener that
you did not then also lose your Mickey ears and the ears, there's something specific,
a character I haven't seen on merchandise before.
A character that one could say has been almost willfully under merchandise.
As if despite someone who actively wants merch very badly.
These are part of the Disney 100 celebration in which they're doing a lot of merch from
the different eras of the Disney company.
Some of the most beloved films, films that have perfect Rotten Tomatoes scores and definitely
permanence on the culture.
And they put out a series of commemorative ears, including this pair of Pip the Chipmunk.
Pip the Chipmunk.
They are technically, technically ears from enchanted and not disenchanted.
But let's all agree to not think about that.
You know, if Pip had, I know some of those Epcot wine glasses are a little bit small,
they're kind of sample size, but it'd be a lot for him.
If Pip got drunk on a bunch of Chardonnay, what do you think he'd say?
Jumping jelly beans, I'm sloshed.
Love that.
He didn't know Pip would be a guest tonight.
Well, so, you know, we got a crew now.
We got a good crew for drinking around the world.
We got friends.
We got Chipmunks.
The crew is built up.
Can I say it?
I don't want to be self-deprecating here on stage.
I don't want to bring the mood down.
I'm a guest.
You brought me out.
Polite applause, perfunctory applause.
I'm not a special guest.
You know, I've been on the show before.
I was here on the early show.
Me joining the crew, it's not breaking news.
It's not anything that's going to move the needle, right?
This is far too much.
No, Scott, hear him out.
What else don't you like about yourself?
I think it's a bummer that we have here an empty chair and a mic that's going to go unused,
and I'm the best guest that will come out tonight, and that sucks for everyone in the
crowd, and I'm sorry.
I apologize.
You're right.
So let's start in India.
We had some samosas, and we...
No, no, no, no.
Griffin, I have a plan.
We have a plan.
We kept going.
We had to flesh out this Epcot drink and crew correctly.
We wanted to...
Okay, we're thinking only people who've been on the show before.
Is there somebody who hasn't been on the show?
Somebody who can bring some true Orlando flavor?
Somebody who loves Epcot and the food and wine fest?
Maybe if we reached out to this person cold, he might join us.
And now I turn to Mike to tell you who that person is.
So I thought about it.
Who would be an expert at this?
Who does this and maybe documents it and shows things?
And I said, well, maybe I have an idea.
And I reached out and I said, sir, would you be interested in coming on the podcast when
we're going to be in Orlando?
And it was one of the most magical moments I remember.
I showed it to the family.
I was with my family because we watch his videos.
And he said, yes.
He was with us at Epcot and he's here tonight, ladies and gentlemen, from the YouTube channel
Paging Mr. Morrow.
We just call him Nate.
Center.
We got you the center.
Nate, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Wow.
Hi, guys.
Welcome to Podcast the Ride.
It's so great to see you here.
Geez.
Finally.
Excited.
So, yeah, if you're not familiar with Nate, he does a channel where he goes around to
the parks, Disney parks.
But now lately he's been going to England.
He's been going to Comic-Cons.
His channel is one of my favorite TV shows, I guess.
It's like The Sopranos, Breaking Bad, and then Paging Mr. Morrow.
Paging Mr. Morrow, yeah.
And yeah, we've been talking about him on the show here and there.
It's just like your videos are so nice and pleasant and you take us through places we
wish we could go more often, like Polynesian Resort, Epcot Center, and then you'll go to
Disney Springs and show us the new cookie at Gideon's.
And as I was telling you backstage, when I see a thumbnail when you've got the new cookie,
I go, we're watching this now.
I put that up on the screen.
I make my whole family watch it and they're like, oh, that does seem like a good cookie.
So thank you for being here.
We're very excited.
Wow, I'm excited.
I've never done a live podcast before.
I actually think I've only done like five podcasts in my life.
You were telling me that you did a podcast hosted by professional wrestler, D-Von Dudley.
I did, yeah.
I did D-Von Dudley's podcast.
Which I was like, I didn't know we had a podcast.
But this is my intersection of like you and one of my favorite wrestlers when I was a child.
So I haven't watched it yet because we've been doing so much City Walk, but I will get to it.
And I will watch it faster than I will promise to watch Yellowstone.
And similar to what D-Von became known for, we will put Griffin through a table at the
end of the show.
That's right.
Sit by a chair thrown through a table.
You've also been like, I'm almost like, as we're heading here, like, wait, he's going to
deign to do our little thing.
You're hanging out with superstars.
You're hanging out with Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul.
Yes.
At Epcot.
Has any of you guys, people saw this video?
Can you explain how that came together?
This is a bizarre thing.
Yeah, that was, that was close.
That was two weeks ago.
We were at La Cava inside Epcot.
Of course.
And we were going to an event later on that night where Aaron Paul and Bryan Cranston were
like doing like a tequila tour.
Yeah, because they have their own tequila.
Yeah, they were going to Frontera, Cocina, and Disney Springs.
And then they had like other stops like Waldorf Astoria.
And we were like, oh, let's go to Epcot.
I started my day.
I wanted to go check Moana.
And then we went to La Cava, me and my friend, Sean.
And I was like, I bet you they would come here.
If I was somebody, I would want to go.
If you're a tequila company, you got to go to La Cava at Epcot, Mexico.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And they just randomly showed up.
And it was all like just regular people there.
Like it was like no special event.
They just came in and just started making drinks for everyone.
And like it was great.
And we became friends.
It was insane.
Like we were talking and yeah.
And oh, my friend Sean.
He was like, oh, he told Aaron Paul, he's like, what have you done at Epcot?
And he's like, nothing.
I just walked in here and he's never done anything at Epcot.
And he was like, what do I do?
And he was like, guardians.
And yeah, I got to do guardians.
So somehow we ended up going on guardians with them.
Yeah, it was great.
Geez.
Wow.
Now, cynical me, I'm thinking, well, this must be some planned photo op situation
rather than what actually happened, which is an organic theme park friendship brewing,
leading to then a mass roller coaster ride with great cool actors.
This is great.
I think we got to hang out with Nate for a couple hours.
And there's some pixie dust trailing off you, I think, in the parks.
I feel like because everybody, you get stopped so often, so much more often than we do.
Much more often than we do.
And besides that, then you just, if it's not people recognizing you from videos, it's your friends.
You're just like, you're the, you're, I hate to say it, Jason, you're the mayor.
I think you're the mayor of Disney World.
Oh, that's OK.
Hey, yesterday I met the mayor of Port of Ventry at Islands and she whisked me well.
Yeah.
Nate, can I ask you a question?
Speaking of all the friends you make every step you take in the Walt Disney World Resort,
Cranston and Paul, I think their celebrity tequila has been very popular.
It seems to have been a successful launch.
It's a growing sector of the industry, these celebrity tequilas.
Many people think the trend was really kick-started by Casamigos.
Have you heard the story of George Clooney and the briefcases?
No.
Mike, do you know this story?
Well, I do know the story, but I think it would be better if Jason told it.
Jason, do you know this story?
Well, if you want to help me out, we can...
Have you heard this story?
All right, I'll help you out.
I'll chime in.
I'll chime in.
So...
Hating this like the Dudley Boys.
George Clooney and Randy Gerber, and Randy Gerber is spelled with an E at the end, not
a Y.
Husband of Cindy Crawford, father of Kaia Gerber, star of Bottoms.
And they're friends.
And they just sort of were hanging out in Mexico one day, and they created...
Scott's chugging his beer while I'm telling this.
For fun, the way you do when you're hanging out.
They created a tequila for fun, and they weren't expecting to market it.
And then one day...
All right, long story short...
I don't ever do that.
Probably a mistake.
Oh, yeah.
You got to resort to something.
Anyway, continue, fellas.
If you're drinking Casamigos, you actually want to do the opposite.
You want to sip on it because it's very smooth, you know?
It's a sipping liquor.
Long story short, they sold the company, and George got all his friends together, and he
put a briefcase on the table in front of each of them.
Some of his oldest friends, friends who aren't movie stars.
Guys he goes way back with.
Regular people and production people, you know?
People who knew early on in the rough years, you know?
Lowly execs and directors and sort of, yeah, common folks.
So each briefcase contained a million dollars.
And he said, this is for all of you for sticking with me over all these years.
And he said, you all have to take it.
If one of you says no, then nobody gets it.
And also taxes have been paid, so don't worry about that.
And they all took it.
And they all took it.
And he helped out his buddies.
And the reason everyone is reacting like this is because Scott feels we tell this story
too often on the show.
Yeah, now that you've heard that story, do you think that that should be told in full
in, you know, 18 episodes of a podcast?
Does that seem valid?
I feel like I'm going to tell this story to somebody else.
It sounds like it was a pretty good story.
It's a pretty good story.
Much in the way that Casamigos is best sipped slowly, that story lingers the more time you
spend with it.
It grows.
It swishes around a glass that is the podcast.
Let me tell you one more thing, Nate.
I am also, I'm a little nervous that you're here in a way.
And I'll tell you why.
And I think Jason should be too.
Because I think that Mike would dropkick us in a second to have you as his new co-host
on Podcast the Ride.
This could be the moment where the change out happens.
This might be a Machiavellian scheme in play.
I'm a little worried, but I don't know.
I might be reading into that too much.
Oh, no, no.
I don't think so.
I'm scared now.
I don't even know what to say.
I'm like, I think you're good.
You think I'm safe?
Can I calm down?
Okay, okay.
I'll let that anxiety go.
As my jug of beer kicks in, I think I'll stop worrying about it.
Well, that's great because I really don't want to go back to riding the rails with a
Bindle.
You're safe for now.
But in the future, if both of you have some opinions I don't care for about a new Aerosmith
song or an old Aerosmith song, then maybe I will reconsider.
But for now, I think the core three, the Holy Trinity as I call it, are safe for now.
Yeah, safe.
I'm sad that you didn't get to ride Aerosmith the other night.
You didn't?
No, you didn't.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're sad for Mike.
Yeah, the timing didn't quite work out.
Mike was hoping for last minute jaunt to see the bad boys from Boston themselves.
Yeah, I don't think it's going to happen on this trip, sadly.
But instead you had to hang out with old and new friends.
Yes, well that was, we hung out at Abracadabra, which is pretty good.
Very good, I would say.
Oh, yeah.
That was...
And we went to Jelly Rolls.
I'm still sad there were no Bare Naked Ladies.
We put in...
We were trying to get someone on the piano to play a Bare Naked Ladies song.
Mike, say what was written on the napkin.
What was it?
Did Kevin write it?
Kevin...
I think, Wade, I think I know.
You texted me about it.
It was any Bare Naked Ladies song besides One Week.
Right?
Trying for deep cuts, trying for deep cuts.
You were looking for If I Had a Million Dollars.
That would have been fine.
That would have been good.
Yeah, that would have been good.
Yeah, well I know that.
That must have been hard for you to be at a dueling piano bar and not hear Bare Naked
Ladies because it had been two entire nights since we were at a different dueling piano
bar and heard Bare Naked Ladies.
Where the same where it was One Week and then Mike said, deeper, rarer.
And they did it.
That's a little City Walk Saga preview.
That's a Pat O'Brien's thing.
I would love to finish that story, but you're going to have to wait for the episode.
Boys, boys, not now.
Save it.
Yeah, well, you know, why not?
I'd like, you know, look, we'll jump around.
That was where the night ended food and wine wise.
But what a good capper to go to the magic themed bar at the at the Boardwalk Hotel and
then go to the dueling piano bar where admittedly after all day drinking around the world and
a bunch of magic themed drinks, then I walked up to that door and heard a very loud version
of American Girl on piano and I heard someone say $20, please.
And I said, good night, everybody.
And I went and instead stared wistfully at the swan and dolphin.
I leave and go do it right now.
Now that beer's kicking in.
Sorry, everybody.
Good night, everybody.
Now when I hear what one might call even an obnoxious version of American Girl, I have
the opposite reaction.
I need to hang out here.
And that's what I did.
You sprint in that direction as all of you did, as Griffin did.
And then what happened?
Everyone followed me except Scott.
And I feel like there was a moment when you were like, what the fuck?
What are you all doing?
No, no.
So we're we're walking down the Boardwalk.
I think the night is over.
We're just going to let Mike go to Jelly Roll alone.
And you say, I really don't want to do this.
And I go, Scott, I agree.
Every step I get closer to Jelly Roll, the louder the speakers are, the less I want to
go inside.
Yes.
I'm with you.
You understood.
Let's order a lift.
And then American Girl kicked in and I went smell you later, motherfucker.
Siren song, I'm in.
So we kept texting you at every song that played to try to convince you that you were
missing out on something.
I sent you a text and I said, Scott, this place fucking rocks.
All caps.
You said, I'm thrilled with my choice.
Thrilled.
I said, Scott, they're performing the I'm Just Ken song now.
You said, I've never been more confident in a decision.
Number one, this.
Number two, marrying Aaron.
And just.
I threw my wife under the bus.
I'm my wife taking care of my son.
I'm sorry, Aaron.
I miss you so much.
And I've never missed you more than being outside of that tooling piano bar.
Your next text was a photo of your hand holding a twenty dollar bill.
And you said, just admiring this twenty dollars I still have.
I still got it.
I still got it, I think.
I didn't spend it on anything.
We did get free popcorn, though.
You missed out on the popcorn.
Damn, Nate.
Was there a little, you said there was some sriracha in it?
Buffalo, yeah, they put buffalo sauce in the popcorn.
And it's free.
It's not even normal popcorn.
You got to kick up.
All right, a little jealousy brewing now.
And just some perspective, I was in bed and I went, what are all these text messages I'm
getting?
What is going on?
What is this twenty dollar bill?
Well, the last two were Mike text, they're doing Can You Picture That from the Muppet
movie and Griffin is going wild.
Which I was.
Which I was.
Not alive.
But you put a request in.
What was your request?
My request was Paradise by the Dashboard Light from Meatloaf because I wanted to see if they
would do, I wanted to test if they'd do the baseball section, if they would do the talking
part.
I love that song.
The guys started playing American Pie by Don McLean, which is a long song.
And I said, I whispered, I don't know if it was to Kevin, I whispered to somebody, I go,
these people know the crowd.
They ain't doing this whole song.
And I was absolutely right.
They did two verses, moved right on.
So yeah, they would probably not do that section is what I'm saying.
What did freaking out mean when some piano people are playing an Electric Mayhem song?
You know how Mike, it's there, it's there.
Oh Muppet Arm.
He like flops his arms around the way they do.
Let's all freak out at once.
Oh great audio content, great audio stuff.
You know how when Mike hears a song he loves at a bar, he points up with one finger?
Oh I know.
Oh I know.
When they started playing Can You Picture That, I did two fingers.
When Mike texted you, he's going wild.
You were going wild.
I was going wild.
See Nate's right, he was going wild.
And your response by the way Scott was, that's cool, I will give them that.
That was the first one, that was the first one I got.
I love that you got two electrics, you got Electric Mayhem and you got Electric Light
Orchestra.
Now we're talking.
I like electric bands apparently.
Nate, what do you, I also, look, I want to call you Mr. Morrow in full, so badly.
Is that okay?
Yeah, you can call me Nate, Mr. Morrow.
I don't want to say the...
Hello Mr. Morrow.
It's just so fun to say.
Here I'll just do it once.
Mr. Morrow.
Mr. Morrow.
He makes people happy too.
What do you want to hear at Jelly Rolls?
What makes you freak out Griffin style?
Oh my, you know, I get excited.
We've been trying to get them to do Manor Muppet, that was one for a while.
I like Manor Muppet.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Oscar winning.
Yeah.
I like every once in a while when they get all on stage and they do like the Rocky Horror
Picture Show, you know what I mean?
Oh they did it then.
Yeah, like they, you know what I mean?
The Time Warp.
They did the Time Warp.
Because they add more elements than just the two pianos.
Like they have like two singers, dancers, they get up on top of the bar.
They beat box, they go.
They do.
Yeah.
And it kind of catches the off guard.
But I like that.
I like good feel music where everyone's singing along and they're dancing.
You just reminded me, I don't even know if we told Scott that two white men on piano
performed Baby Got Back by Sir Mix-a-Lot.
That did happen.
That happened.
That did happen.
Thrilled.
Thrilled with my decision.
I changed nothing about the text exchange.
Let's talk a little food and wine to make sure that we do the topic in the topic.
And I really, you know what's funny is we landed on this and especially with Griffin's
help he was encouraging this.
And before we put it together that oh my god this is a great topic for Nate.
You must, first of all you must have been at food and wine this year tons of times,
right?
I'd imagine.
Oh yeah.
At least a couple times.
It's so long.
It really, I know.
And then doing that math, like how come I've been here so many times and one was in July
and the others were in November?
How is that all one thing?
It's so long.
I know but you know what they keep on releasing food like throughout the week so they don't
put out all the new food at once.
Oh so there's new food in the first month or in the last one.
Yeah and even boots, like some of the boots open up like later on.
I think they had just some boots open up like less than a month ago.
Brand new ones.
Do they announce, like do they say oh in two weeks we're going to have a new sushi roll?
Oh yeah they're announced.
Yeah and then one of the boots like they'll give you the times, it's all on the passport.
Okay so you have to go in to do it.
Are you, do you research the new booth before you go or you just kind of let it fly when
you're doing your videos?
Oh no I just go and say yeah I usually just pick one thing.
No I think that's a good idea.
Sometimes yeah you just go with it.
Yeah no I think that's a good strategy.
I don't want to, there's something that I don't want to go too far without doing because
again I did all that build up, we got to build up our drinking around the world crew.
But now we're sitting here and we don't feel like a crew to me.
I mean we're all friends, we're getting along but there's something that we're missing.
Shirts.
We're missing the shirts.
This is something that I don't think I was fully aware of.
I think our friend Doug Jones made us aware of this, shout out to Doug.
He I think turned us on to that like okay look around when you're at food and wine.
But there are these shirts that are so nuts that are all combining Disney and classic
Disney songs and all this stuff into these wine puns.
I wrote down a few just real ones.
Like there's a Finding Nemo one that's just keep drinking.
There's one with Vanilla Pea from Wreck-It Ralph that says drink up glitches.
I've seen a couple of shirts.
Do any come to mind, do you recall any like oh that was a crazy one or a funny one or
no pressure?
Pretty early in the day I would say like noon or before that we stepped into a restroom
and there was a pretty large burly man who looked black out drunk.
He had an arm rested against the urinal and his body was like four feet away and he was
pissing and he was moaning to himself and he was wearing a shirt that said drinking
around the world checklist and when he finished and like wobbled out eyes half closed I followed
after him and there was another guy who looked exactly like him with the same shirt who grabbed
him by the shoulders and went man up, man up, we have two countries left, pull it together,
pull it together.
They were going to make it.
They were going to make it.
And they were going to make it before 1pm.
Wow, wow.
Man up.
It's very funny that you have a story like that because at the end of the night, I close
out the end of the night by going to the France ice cream parlor to get the scoop of ice cream
pressed into a brioche bun.
Oh I'm so excited to see what flavors you got.
And while I was in line, there was like a family, they all had champagne flutes.
The park is about to close in three minutes and they were still going strong and the one
guy is just telling a story about like oh him and his wife, they went to a wedding and
this guy came up and put his arm around the wife and was like oh I want to introduce you
to some people and this guy starts telling the story and he's like and that's my fucking
wife and you don't do that.
He starts saying like so I don't want to see Jason for months after that.
If I saw Jason, I was going to beat the shit out of him.
I was going to fucking kill Jason and I am standing three feet away going like I know
this isn't about me but I just want to get this ice cream and get away from this guy
because he is just like foaming out the map and she is just standing next to him like
smiling and laughing like yeah I'm into this.
I love this story of loudly cursing an Epcot center.
Nate asked what flavor?
Oh yeah.
Salted caramel ice cream and chocolate sauce.
I feel that's good.
It was a good combo.
Have you had that Nate?
Oh yeah I always mix up the flavors in there.
You can get crazy.
What's your preference?
What's your number one?
I like it pistachio or raspberry.
Oh that sounds good.
Pistachio or raspberry.
That's it.
Yeah.
And then a little sandwich.
Oh it's really nice.
Handmade ice cream sandwiches.
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
Wait and that's all year round too.
That's not festive.
That's year round.
Okay.
What I was saying I think that you know all of us in our individual shirts Jason and his
what is your shirt Jason?
Jane found this on Depop.
This is what does it say the Mickey it's like dress for success and it's Mickey wearing
like five layers of bespoke clothing and it's telling you it points at every piece of clothing
and it must be like thousands of dollars of stuff.
I have no idea why they were selling a shirt of Mickey in like Savile Robe Finery.
Has anyone ever seen that image before?
I guess not.
It's very indie.
I love it.
It's for success.
It reminds me of Michael Eisner.
Wow.
Right on.
Well I hate okay.
I'll say is that Nate we all share a love of a certain former CEO.
Hello.
Hello.
You did a hello unprompted.
You didn't even know we have a thing about hello.
We were meant to meet.
We're all hello fans.
But anyway look Jason shirts cool and all.
This is some of the captions.
Pure wool herring bone overcoat.
Jason Jason say it like Mickey man up and say it like Mickey.
Man up man up man up.
You can do this.
Finish it.
Old calfskin leather Italian beef roll Penny love.
Try to find it on pure silk crepe neckwear.
This is Jason's having to read upside down for the listener.
This is challenging.
That's it.
I give it up to Jason.
Can you do one like Stitch.
Stitch is going to be good.
Well well tweet trousers.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Perfect.
Chef's kiss.
Designer cologne.
I don't know what that's pointing at.
How would they point it to it.
Your shirts good but your shirts got to go in the garbage.
Or at least get covered up.
As does your Griffin fast and furious shirt.
I have a Toretto family garage work shirt.
It's all nice but there's no unity up here.
I didn't have I didn't think of this in time to have to get custom shirts for all of us.
But with the magic of a little pressing on I am going to turn all of our shirts into Epcot wine shirts.
All right.
Are you ready for this.
OK.
So.
And anybody can can claim them except for Nate because I have a special one for you.
OK.
So here is if you're a fan of if you want to get so drunk you feel like you're going to centrifuge.
You might like this one.
I'll do it.
Mission shit faced.
We hold that up.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Put that on my that's for Mike.
Mission shit face.
Here's for the Epcot the classic Epcot lover.
This is a world of Mo shots.
Anybody want to claim this either one of you.
All right.
That's Griffin.
There you go.
Just just press that on you.
And then here's a tribute to what replaced that.
And this is I got a DUI on test track.
Credit to Aaron for that one.
Thanks, Aaron.
Perfect.
Nailed it.
Nailed it.
And then this one I'm going to claim this one.
I'm excited for this.
This is if you're a fan of an old attraction and wonders of life or a little guy took you
into the human body then you might enjoy this shirt which is.
Buzzy saw my liver and quit the command.
All right.
That's me for sure.
And then finally for our special guest I am so excited to present you this because there's
a style for the listener this is style of these things where it's like a wine glass
topped by the iconic hairstyle or a hat that a character typically has.
And that's kind of what I've tried to do because I feel like you have an iconic fashion sense
Nate.
And that is why I've made you this one which is paging Mr. Moore Merlot.
Paging Mr. Moore Merlot.
Paging Mr. Moore Merlot.
I can fix that for you here.
I'll fix it up.
You guys chat amongst yourselves.
Yay.
There we go.
Yeah.
Wow.
I feel so honored.
It really you do have because we got like I mean is it a fedora what kind of hat we
tie.
What is your what do you call your head.
Yeah.
And glasses.
I see you in there.
I see the perfect.
Great.
Great.
I was so happy.
Look at us.
We're a team now.
Here.
All right.
We can properly go around the world at this point.
Well so where to begin.
I mean like I don't know what were particular highlight experiences for everybody at Epcot
the other day.
I had some a sake cocktail that tasted like juice and then I had everything else I drank
that alcohol in it also tasted like juice.
So I don't know that I necessarily had a highlight.
I had some tiny beers that I was a big fan of because I will say overall even before
even I won't even praise a specific thing.
Having six ounce beers is good.
Yeah.
I don't need too much.
Just have a little taste and then you can keep moving on.
Obviously they give you the option to have a bigger one but I think we were every time
I got a little one I got so excited.
I was like isn't this cute.
The cup is cute and then I would drink just a little bit and I wouldn't get a tummy ache.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it fit the bill in a couple situations for sure.
I mean is this a good time to talk about.
I don't know if it if we're jumping to it too fast but to me one of the most special
things going on this year is over at the Odyssey Pavilion.
Wow.
OK.
Well good.
We're going to plus for that.
I love the Odyssey.
I love that that isn't gone or replaced by anything cool like a ride or whatever.
It's this odd boxy building that they got to fill up with something every once in a while
and that currently is something called Brew Wing Lab at the Odyssey.
And this is and I'm so happy Griffin is here because this is a Muppet experience a new
Muppet experience just for food and wine.
And then as soon as Griffin saw that it was Muppets he went wild.
Not only that but centered around my favorite Muppet straight man Bunsen Honeydew who I
argue is quietly the funniest Muppet.
OK.
And it just he lets everyone else score the basket.
You know he passes the ball he lets them take it to the hoop.
And man you know a lot of like comedy and comedy takes her in the eyes but he manages
to be funny with no eyes.
Eyeless.
Uh huh.
Eyeless.
Eyeless comedian.
Jason had tipped me off.
He wanted to make sure I wouldn't miss this.
Texted a couple days before a trip started that he saw there was this pop up and that
the key item that was getting a lot of buzz was the pickle milkshake.
Yeah.
Which I did not want to try.
No but I took the bullet.
I got it later in the day so that you could have the cup.
I drank the pickle milkshake.
I drank about half of it and then he was like OK.
My review is this tasted like a solid vanilla milkshake that they then just put a shot of
nail polish remover in.
And then as I was walking to the bathroom I was like oh I kind of taste dill now.
And so I cleaned out the glass so you could have it.
Then I bought the frozen fusion which was just like a tea smoothie so I could have a
little glass.
Sorry to cut you off Jason.
When you tasted the dill minutes later was that like a slow release capsule of medicine?
Oh yeah.
Yeah it was like I finally bit the cyanide capsule in my back molar.
Jason you know most people don't know this he keeps a little capsule in his mouth that's
full of dill.
Yeah a little dill.
Yeah no it wasn't like a porrent but it wasn't wild and then I just had orange cardamom wings
which were just yeah they were nice.
It was like nice wings a little herbally sauce but you guys had much more of an experience.
Can I ask real quick though Nate have you had this pickle milkshake?
Yes I love the pickle milkshake.
Wow.
I do.
I honestly and I don't like pickles.
Really?
I don't know.
It works for me.
It tastes like a shamrock shake.
No.
I hate shamrock shakes.
You got a hard no.
One hard no.
One firm no.
I understand what you're saying yeah it has very similar texture and a little bit of flavor
yeah.
I mean I see a lot of people who really don't like it though they're like oh this is disgusting
I don't think it's disgusting.
Yeah I don't think it was disgusting I was just like oh not this isn't for me I shouldn't
drink this you know.
Can I ask you said you don't like pickles Nate every time you've eaten a pickle in the
past do you think to yourself I wish this tasted 40% more like a milkshake.
Has that been the missing element for you?
I could probably like pickles that way.
I would say so.
Yeah.
Do you like pickles on hamburgers or anything?
I am plain.
Oh really?
Hamburger burger bun I love it.
Like I love it I like that style with like the tomato like I'll eat like a slice of tomato
on it or even on white bread.
That's like the original way like that one place that invented the hamburger up in I
don't even know where it is.
Wherever it was.
Yeah.
Louis lunch.
Yeah they just do it's literally just like bread hamburger tomato.
Okay I that's I like a pickle I feel like I generally don't eat pickles alone I eat
them on things but I did not try this pickle milkshake and maybe maybe I will get back
to the park maybe I'll try it.
I'm a simple man with burgers what I like is just all I want is just kind of that patty
and the bun but I want the patty to be sushi.
I want it to be a combo of burger and sushi.
Your classic burgueshee form factor.
Yeah that's you know you're right that's I was searching for the term what I'm searching
for is burgueshee.
It's kind of the superior yeah that's what I want and you'll hear about that soon enough.
Yes.
So Scott I feel like you should talk about your order at the Brew Wing Lab.
This is what we're building up to.
I'm just gonna I'm gonna cut to the chase because I didn't give it a lot of thought.
I didn't do a lot of research.
I saw a term and I and I went for it.
I looked at the menu and I saw unnecessarily spicy yet extremely tasty scotch bonnet pepper
curry wings with with cool cucumber yogurt.
Let's get I thought maybe I get more yeah but it ended at the yogurt separate it with the
wings was without applause point.
So I went for that and because I like I'm fine with spice I think I don't think I'm a spicy
hot wing avoider.
And it it shows up and first of all I don't I hate to start disagreeing with the person who
just yelled right now.
I what's that.
All right we're all good we're all good.
The it it shows up.
It doesn't look great to me looks like a big old.
I mean like cool cucumber yogurt you can picture what that is that's like refreshing and dill
and and not just kind of like a plop like a bird plop on top of hot wings.
A single bite one single bite and I am done for gone just gone beyond belief to where just
it's the immediate up and like handshaking and and a tongue out of control immediately.
Immediately after one bite felt like you were doing a bad bit.
Yes it was a very vague sort of impression of a person eating too much spice.
It took me a moment to realize you were actually struggling.
Yes yeah I I take one bite and I and I am like oh my oh oh my oh geez and which does not sound
like how I talk.
It does sound like a bit mode you would that volume that level of facial expression and I told
you you you seem like you're doing a bit right now and you went oh wow I guess I must seem like
I'm doing like a season two of SNL will ferrell character.
That was out of yes I thought I like I it's like kind of an early on not quite as good will
ferrell the hot too hot of wings guy.
Oh dear lord dear lord that is spicy that is spicy.
I felt like such a hack but I wasn't exaggerate it honestly was what genuinely came out of me.
We're not playing it up at all.
The wing the wings made me hacky.
Activated the hack part of the hurt you and they ruined your comedic sensibility.
Yeah yeah yeah which is good set up to then like do it again on a stage something that was there
was like a mad TV character like the too much coffee guy.
I felt like the too much coffee guy.
I think I could have gotten if I was on mad TV in 96 I think I could have gotten too hot of wings
guy on like 11 times.
I think I'm I think I'm on the board every week with that thing.
What's that.
Oh never mind.
I know that.
We'll talk later.
So that's done.
That's those wings are immediately in the trash right after as if the one did it to me and then Mike had a theory
and the theory was wing chasing because you had a different type of wing to buy.
And I am going to say the name or I got the peanut butter and jelly wings and I thought OK maybe what you do is
eat the hot wing then you eat the peanut butter wing because it's a sweeter thing.
So I offered that to you.
I wanted to help you which and you sampled mine too.
Yes and I think we both agreed that it was kind of an interesting it was like a tongue coder a little bit.
I think the wing chasing did work.
I think you were correct.
Now I didn't like the wing you gave me at all.
Oh no the wings I was got were bad.
They were medicinal at that point.
They were purely balm.
Yeah I didn't like the wings either.
I wanted corrective wings.
I didn't want tasty wings.
Yeah.
Now I have I have just like a bad body in general.
So I was telling you guys that any time there's any sort of seasonal change my whole signal system breaks down and New
York the weather was starting to change.
It went from like 80 to 40 in one week and then I came here.
So immediately upon landing here my allergies were like out of control and you're doing this whole act out with the wings
and you go like you want to try this and I took one bite and I felt like I was on cocaine but also immediately my allergies
cleared up like it did work.
And then you and I at one point were like we're not exaggerating right.
Like it does feel like we're on cocaine.
It really feels like okay.
And then we leaned into each other went I've never done cocaine.
You've never actually done cocaine.
You've never actually done cocaine.
No I haven't.
This definitely feels like cocaine.
No no no but I think this is what this feels like.
It's got to be like even the wings.
It's got to be like cocaine.
It's got to be.
That is yeah that is what was going on.
Yeah.
And you having only had mellow peanut butter wings are like these fucking so I'm not with these psychos.
We don't have matching shirts.
I am not.
I was I was checking my phone for the app.
I was just looking to see what we could get on next and I was like oh yeah spicy wing huh.
Oh still going on huh.
Well you want some of these.
OK.
Well you're true.
You're true plus one at any theme park is your phone.
Well yeah that's the way it can be tough to get the attention.
That's the way it has to be though because somebody has to like use the time efficiently when they're at the park with that whatever it's called Jeannie Plus.
I don't want to step in something right now but I'm going to say this.
I've gotten a lot of hate over the years for not being a particular fan of the ride living with the land.
I know I know.
Feel this bad.
Feel free.
Yeah.
Hang on hang on.
Let me say where I'm going with this.
This hate is directed at me and only at me.
We all went on living with the land together.
Guess who was on his phone.
One hundred percent of the right.
Get him.
Who me.
Who me.
Go stand like you're being crucified against the brick wall.
And this was a respectful living with the land ride.
The boat was quiet as a church mouse.
I haven't seen that in years.
But then this little glowing light illuminating his face.
I turned it on night mode.
I turned it on night mode.
I turned it on the contrast.
I'm no villain.
I was trying to make the rest of the day better for them.
I wasn't texting or checking the web.
At one point in the ride, Mike, without lifting his eyes off of his phone, like nudged me with his elbow.
You should pay attention.
This is an important room.
Wow.
That's frowning tomato girl.
Well, right before that living with the land ride, too, we had about a 30 minute ordeal where we were all trying to buy Disney Plus.
I was trying to buy Disney Plus.
Genie Plus.
We were not signing up for the streaming service.
I'm already a subscriber to Disney Plus.
We all bought straight to five years on Disney Plus.
We're going to have it forever.
They were sitting outside and Jan and I were down in the food court and gotten a snack.
I was trying to buy Genie Plus on my phone.
It would go through and Apple Pay would come down charge.
Then 10 seconds later, it would go refund.
It would just charge me and refund me about four times before we eventually just bought it on her phone.
Then finally, which is also was like, I don't know how much we're going to use this today.
We might be buying this to do living with the land.
By the time we actually got on the ride, we were all real relaxed.
We were all like, thank God it stopped.
Thank God the app stopped and we can just do a ride.
The entire Genie Plus hassle took absolutely longer than if we had just gone into the line.
It took us over 30 minutes to link a reservation for all of us on the ride at the same time.
The ride queue at that moment was 20 minutes long.
We go on the whole ride.
Mike's on his phone.
You're just kind of stewing.
The ride ends.
You step off and you go, well, I'm getting wine.
It disappeared.
I didn't even see it.
It's like the water on her was just gone.
This is not a bit.
He ran away.
This is not a bit.
I said, Scott, where are you going?
You're going, I don't know.
And I don't care.
And you ran into a crowd and we just had to find you later.
Daddy knows what daddy needs.
I mean, it's app hassle and then a ride that folks, I want to like the ride.
I want to be like you.
Don't you understand?
I feel like the boy in the plastic bubble.
Everyone is outside.
They're laughing and they're running free and I'm not invited.
And I went on it and I still don't get it.
Help me get the ride.
Nick.
What?
The ride news.
Well, yeah, all right.
A little like a kusvik guitar.
Yeah, yeah, that's not bad.
That's not bad.
Nick, do you like living with the land?
I love living with the land.
I do.
And you know, you can eat from living with the land.
You mean you can eat while you're on the boat?
No, you can eat the food from living with the land.
But later.
Later.
Not on there while you do it, but they have little signs for food and wine.
Right, right, right.
They say like the yucca fries that are like grown on living with the land.
Right.
So it's kind of fun, little food and wine twist.
Do you like the first part of it or the second part when you see this, like hopefully see a scientist or something?
Oh, I like the music and I'm always looking for a scientist.
Yeah.
I'm always looking.
And anyone that's on the like the behind the scenes, I'm always looking.
Behind the scenes, the tour, I'm like, oh, look at them over there.
Oh, yeah.
We saw some with the big pole by the trout pond and we all waved and they went back.
Yeah. How often, just because you're always in the parks, how many times a week on average do you go on living with the land?
Or a month?
If I go into the land, I'm probably going on living with the land usually.
Okay.
Literally.
So I would say probably like once.
Once a month or a week?
Once every two weeks, maybe three weeks.
I think I had one time.
Yeah.
I used to go ride Soarin' before work.
I remember I did that a long time.
I used to like, you know, like I used to work like 3 p.m.
I used to actually go in like go to Epcot at like 11 a.m. and go ride Soarin' and then go to work.
Okay. This is before you were born?
Yeah. It was like the total like, all right, I'm ready for my shift.
Yeah. I love Soarin' so much.
I need help. I need help.
I don't want to get booed anymore.
I want to be on the right side of history.
I'm trying to get better.
Do you have, answer me this question.
Why do I not like living with the land?
But I love the Mexico boat ride.
Why is that?
I love Mexico.
I like, it was one of the first things I did when I got on.
I was so sad when we didn't get to do it a second time once we hooked up with you.
What's, they're both slow moving, relaxing boat rides.
What's going on?
What's going on?
Do you have, can you, I don't know, not to make you psychoanalyze me.
What about the mighty hooves of the buffalo?
And there's like so many great things about that ride, the house, the forest scenes with the running water.
Yeah.
There's some atmosphere there. You got something there. Sure, sure.
Yeah. I mean, there's so many great things and the music.
Would you say...
Maybe music is the key. Thank you. Yes. Okay.
Would you say though that the Mexico boat ride is better than living with the land?
Oh, no. I can't.
Honestly, I do love that ride, but living with the land is, I mean, you got to truly live with the land.
Well, that's what, yeah. I mean, look, I understand the message of it.
The message is to be one with the land, to live with the land, to not get like distracted by like your devices.
Oh, oh.
Have you rode it by yourself? Like on a real nice slow day?
I've done that before and there was no boats and you just get to listen to music without looking at your phone.
You know what I mean?
Hey, there we go.
I was tapping everyone.
I was just saying, no, no, no, no.
Maybe try it out. Go for a nice little boat ride for yourself.
Take it in. Look for the hidden Mickey's.
Oh, sure. Oh, there's the yeah, there's there's shrimp live in little Mickey cages.
I noticed that.
Look for the pumpkin Mickey.
I didn't see the pumpkin Mickey. I'll look for the pumpkin Mickey.
Or go on the behind the scenes tour.
That is one thing we didn't get to this week.
It occurred to me that it would probably be funny to go on the behind the scenes tour.
But was it also possible that I would end up wanting to like drown myself in a salmon tank?
Also possible. I don't know.
That'll be for next trip.
I believe when you ran away, I said to Griffin, is there any way we could sign him up without him knowing for the side behind the seeds tour?
But I don't think that's possible.
Would you show up in your app and force you to go?
I don't think so.
I got bummed after we left.
I found out they were selling little like seedling, little plants that they grew.
You could buy little plants from living with the land.
You can take them home with little pots.
Have you done the tour, Nate?
No, I've never done the tour.
We should have done the tour.
I want the ride.
I've been in the back area one time for like a VIP tour, but I never got to do the tour tour.
I always wanted to.
That's the tour, though. That's the tour.
All right.
Well, we're going to, okay, I don't know when we'll, the next time we're back, do we just need to reunite this entire group?
And the live show is behind the seeds.
I am ready.
Behind the seeds.
Behind the seeds.
Behind the seeds.
Wait, wait, wait.
One more chance.
Mike, stay off your phone.
Mike, stay off your phone.
Look at the seeds.
Look at the seeds.
Live with the land.
Live with the land.
Can you bring one of those cases you put in when you go to like see a stand-up show for my phone?
Oh, yeah.
You know, there was a lot of back and forth about like what should the subjects of the shows be, the live shows, right?
Right, right, right.
So I was going to do a lot more stuff across several days at the park.
What would give the most meat to a show?
And Food and Wine Festival, I think the fear was, is this kind of a picaresque story?
Is it a scattered narrative?
A little bites and sips here and there?
Is it going to be a story of all these little glimpses?
Oh, and we split off.
You know, it can be, you know, it's aimless.
You're walking around, you're having fun.
But what is the tale to tell?
What is that, a fucking Robert Altman movie?
Where's the narrative propulsion, you know?
Sure.
We're not Cassavetes here.
Come on.
Story, story is what we want.
And I said, I think I found the spine of the story.
I became aware of a certain passport that was being handed out at Epcot to participate in an event called Emile's Promage Montage.
Oh, oh, Emile, of course, the food loving brother from Ratatouille presents a montage of cheese.
I'd say montage is not the right word to describe a crawl in Orlando heat.
Yes.
Many, many cheeses eaten hours apart.
Yes.
But there was a list of 10 participating stands with different cheese dishes.
And if you got five of those stamps from any your choice, five out of the 10, you could then go to simmering sips hosted by Corksicle and get the completer surprise stamp and a special off menu treat only for completers.
Which, by the way, I appreciate being up to full fledged PTR legend.
But completer is the main term I would like people to associate with me.
OK.
Completer.
That man completes.
And so I just for days leading up to this, I was like, guys, I'm telling you, this fucking fromage montage is going to pay off.
It's going to give us like an arc.
We're going to have a fun journey.
It's going to keep the show in line.
Here's a thing I didn't tell you guys.
Go to the first stand of what I knew had to be five early in the morning.
Check my backpack.
Realized I had left my lactate in the hotel.
Oh, and I would say my body is not good at processing any food.
Dairy pretty close to the bottom of the list.
You didn't you didn't talk about playing it cool.
You did not mention this one word.
I did not.
Whoa.
There's people talk about Montezuma's revenge.
I had a meal's congestion when I got back to my hotel room.
There was four hours of hacking and spitting.
No, I'm telling you.
But I felt the need to do this.
And I did in fact get five stamps.
Wow.
I completed the mission.
I got the.
What did I get here?
The Schinken Nudeln from Germany, which is somewhere between I'd say like a casserole and a mac and cheese like a German mac and cheese.
Did you do all this too?
No, no, no.
I don't like I like doing the cookie stroll during the festival.
The holidays.
They have a cookie one where it's all cookies and not cheese items.
Right.
I like that's another situation.
Yeah.
OK.
With stamps.
Yeah.
Do you get a complete or surprise?
Did you complete?
Oh, yeah.
What was the surprise?
It's a surprise.
That's right.
I didn't know I was on stage with two completers.
Oh, yes.
I was there when you completed this and you were happy.
I.
Like there was a level of like I did it.
I don't know if I've ever finished a thing that much in my life.
Yeah.
Grilled cheese from Greece.
I got the the Po de Queijo from Brazil.
I chose weirdly to not get the Canadian cheddar and bacon soup during a hot Orlando afternoon.
I didn't feel like chugging that.
And I got the Southern pimento cheese and I think the Boracanofig and balsamic souffle from Wine and Wedge.
But I got I completed all five and my reward.
I got this cup.
I've been quietly.
It's been here the whole fucking time.
I didn't even realize he was drinking out of that cup the whole night.
I know.
Refilled it mid show.
The clues were there.
Whoa.
That blew my mind.
You've been holding that all night.
I will say it's a plastic cup with a lot of give.
It may not survive a flight back.
It's real flexible.
Oh, yeah.
But this was filled with the reward you got for eating five different cheese dishes.
In my case without lactate was cheesecake flavored soft serve with a mini cheesecake on top.
I was really excited when I got it.
I looked at all of you.
I went, this is great.
This is so great.
This is the best thing I've eaten all day.
And then we went to the bathroom and I poured half of it out.
I thought he housed it.
I was like, wow, he must have loved it.
I did love it.
I did love it.
And then it started to one by one break down my central nervous system.
Jesus.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
So now what I'm putting together is that because you're going to hear about it in the city walk saga in many, many parts.
Was this yesterday?
What is time?
What is happening?
Yesterday.
Yesterday was death day.
Yesterday was the day that broke us at City Walk.
And it's the day that everything broke at Universal Studios where there was a solid three hours where we didn't do one thing somehow.
How are we in here and in this heat and not doing one actual activity?
The morale was so low.
And what I didn't know until now is that from the time we left you to that, you were just you were vomiting and I wasn't vomiting.
I wasn't vomiting.
OK.
But there was a constant struggle.
Ironically, at the death day lunch, you seemed fine because you just had a grilled chicken sandwich.
That's true.
I went a little simple.
Yeah.
Wait, did you eat some cheese on the pizza later too?
At that point, it was kind of a some cost fallacy thing.
I didn't even think about that.
We went to Abra Kedavar and we said, let's get one of each food item you have.
And the three food items were cheese and meat plate, cheese fries and cheese pizza.
And I did partake in all three.
I was also combating the amount of wine I'd had at all the booze.
It was like I had to.
You got to do it with something.
Can I also say I don't know if there are further questions about my digestive system, but we went to Abra Kedavar and Taylor, your friend in our group asked about if they had like what specialty mocktails were.
She listed some of the specialties, our server.
And then she said, and also we have the, I forget what the two were, but she said something like we have the Arnold Palmer, which is we call it the Mickey Mouse here.
And we have the Shirley Temple, which we here call the Minnie Mouse.
And Mike kind of immediately tensed up.
And then he went, his eyes narrowed and he went, would it be possible to get a Minnie Mouse with alcohol?
And she went like a dirty Shirley Temple.
And Mike said, I wouldn't say that.
And she said, because I can't call the drink a dirty Minnie.
Yeah, I said we can't say dirty Minnie.
And she said, oh, and like she took a second and was like, oh, I understand what you mean.
Yes. And I said this drink is called a dirty Shirley.
But you've told us now that it's called a Minnie here by transitive property.
It would be a dirty Minnie.
Yeah, but I didn't want to think about it that way.
Too late. You had a dirty Minnie inside you.
We tried to.
I'm stating facts. I'm stating facts.
At the table, we tried to redub it a flirty Minnie to keep it a little more.
That's nice. That's wholesome. I like that better.
But then, Nate, you started talking about different events you'd gone to recently.
And every time you talked about something at a smaller size, I said Minnie.
You said Minnie and Mike would just go like this to me.
Because we had started in such a place. I just every time it reminded me of her.
Your Orlando Hall Pass.
You were talking about this like it is Casablanca.
Like you're a Rick staring out into the sky thinking of her.
I have a photo as she was walking by me in Epcot and I took a quick one with her.
Oh, you did a creep shot? Is that what you're talking about?
Not a creep shot. She was looking.
It's not like you took a creep shot.
She's out there to take photos with. It just happened to happen when she was standing.
She was walking by.
Can I talk about a completist thing I did food-wise?
How are you a completer, Jason?
Well, so we had...
You better have the stamps to back up the story, by the way.
You better have the stamps to back up the story.
Oh, I don't.
So we ended up doing Guardians around like 2.30 or so in the day.
And so Jane and I had gone off and I was sampling some food stuff.
And I just wanted to have some food in my belly, but not too much before a big crazy coaster like that.
Because it really moves you around a lot.
And so I had half a cheese and fruit plate, a plate of stone crab claws,
half of a frozen frappuccino, and an M&M cookie.
And then I got on Guardians.
And I was fine.
What a lineup.
So you completed just a meal of your choosing?
Oh, I just ate a bunch of weird food and I was like, oh, I hope I'll be okay on Guardians.
A completer of the crazy crab challenge.
I was eating crabs at like 11.30 in the morning and they didn't quite crack them all the way.
So I was like, I had to break them all open.
But I love my crab.
You were asking me about those crabs a lot.
You were asking if I had them.
I was like, oh, wow, he's really going on about the crabs.
Welcome to the podcast.
Excited about the crabs.
I know.
And now I see them.
Yeah.
Did you do, have you done the crab?
Yeah, it was good.
Yeah. Okay.
Is it hard to break them?
Oh, yeah, a little bit hard.
I got the champagne there too.
I got the Dom Perignon.
They sell it in a big cup there.
It was funny.
Yeah.
That booth was just shrimp cocktail, crab cocktail, and like three or four kinds of champagne.
Yeah.
Okay.
It was very elegant.
Yeah.
Elegant, did you say?
Yeah.
It was very elegant and fancy.
Yeah, and you're eating crab claws and drinking champagne on a trash can.
You pointed this out, because I was like, I mean, I assume Paging Mr. Mara has to go
into food and wine fest, and I didn't realize what a thing this was, that it's what you
do.
You grab a trash can.
That's what it's about.
Yeah.
Well.
I did it last night at the Christmas party, and I realized that if it's not an Epcot,
people look at you.
I was at the Christmas party, and I was eating, I think, a waffle and some Sleepy Hollow,
and I just grabbed the closest trash can, because the tables were there, and it just
looked weird, because it was like ice cream.
It was a sundae.
Oh, okay.
It was on the trash can, and I was just like.
And no one else was eating on a trash can.
Yeah, yeah.
It happens.
But Epcot, you always see it everywhere you go.
Right, because there's limited space.
Yeah.
That's what you do.
I'm going to be sad to go back home and eat at a table.
Or in California.
Can I ask you, because this is the type of thing we would talk about on the show.
Is there, do you have a favorite trash can to eat on in Epcot?
Yes.
You do?
Absolutely.
Over by the gazebo, where Minnie actually meets.
Oh, now I'm liking the sound.
It's in the front of World Showcase, in between Mexico and Canada.
There's a little gazebo.
It's very nice.
Got a nice backdrop.
You can see the monorail go by.
I like a view.
Yes.
It's a great view.
Is there something special about the trash can, or it's just mostly the view?
No, it's the view.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, if you get a trash can, you got to have a good view.
Do you have a least favorite trash can in Epcot?
Probably next to the restrooms.
Okay.
Yeah.
Bad view.
Bad view staring at toilets.
Yeah.
We have to start winding this down, which makes me sad.
I'd love to stay here for as long as humanly possible.
I wish we'd done a third show that we could go into right now.
I was going to say, Nate, you were saying something before the show.
Is there something you have?
Oh, I got you guys something.
What?
I did.
Well, because you know how we were talking about buying antiques and little Disney props
and cool stuff?
My friend Taylor, we actually went and we got stuff that I thought you guys would like.
Something like Disney history.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Is that a big bag?
What?
That is a giant bag.
It's been here the whole time, like the glass.
Taylor, thank you.
Oh my god.
This is really cool.
I really know you guys would appreciate it.
This is like our birthday.
I really wanted to share it with you guys.
Wow, this is the nicest.
Whoa.
This is like Christmas morning.
I love that.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
Oh, geez.
This is nuts.
All right.
So like most of the stuff, I try to make like everything and Taylor helped me pick out some
really cool stuff because like she was like, oh yeah, this would be perfect.
But like there's some things that are unique.
So we got Shrek glasses in there that are really kind of cool.
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow.
Brain Shrek 4Ds.
Oh my god.
Cool.
This is a little bit of a surprise.
Oh my god.
Cool.
This is an 8 by 10.
This is incredible.
It's the dinosaur family at MGM Studios.
We were talking about those kind of photos just out there and that's why I was like, oh
man, maybe I should give them to you because I was like.
This is a sticker or a patch with a phrase that means a lot to me.
And the phrase is the 21st century begins October 1st, 1982.
That is opening day.
It's opening day.
I love it.
I feel such emotion from that, especially also because that's when Donald Fagen's The
Nightfly album came out.
Yes.
Hell yeah.
Give me some applause on that.
Greatest day in the history of the world.
This is an Epcot continuation of a dream.
Dawn of a new Disney era.
Looks like Epcot opening polo shirt.
Nice.
Geez.
Well, mine is a Soarin' polo shirt.
That's a.
I think that's Walt Disney Imagineering or one of the.
Oh, that's the project team one.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
So that's how you worked on it.
Happiest celebration on earth.
That's fantastic.
Geez.
I was I was specifically complaining to Taylor about a Disney merch blog that posted an April
Fool's story about the Muppet Vision 3D glasses being sold as sunglasses.
Now each of us have a pair of the Muppet Vision 3D glasses on our faces.
Wow.
This looks oddly terrifying.
What do we have here?
These are 1940s and 1950s Ben Cooper Halloween costumes.
Wow.
Wait for it.
Oh, hell yes.
Mickey Mouse.
What's the deal with Ben Cooper?
Now they're very old.
You probably don't want to take them out of the box.
Like most of them, they have that really cool smell to them.
It's because it's the gauze.
That's what they used as mass back then.
OK.
Yeah.
This is a hundred year old gauze.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's Donald mass looks like he's in the strangers, the strangers who come to your house and terrorize
you.
Wow.
Mickey's mouth is like caving in.
Whoa.
This is how I felt after the wings.
This Pluto is pretty cute.
I love Pluto.
It is the best shape.
Pluto is definitely doing pretty good.
This is awesome.
Geez.
Gosh.
Thank you so much.
This is insane.
This is incredible history mixed with terror, which we love.
That's fantastic.
I mean, it reminds the old like how like weird and scary the old Mickey costumes were in the
50s.
You've seen those old photos.
It flashes you right to that.
That's so cool.
I love these.
I have several because I love them so much.
Oh, yeah.
This is going on my Disney shelf.
Yeah.
I know you guys appreciate it.
And like I said, I love going to Lakeland Antique Mall and I love going shopping.
A lot of these props you can actually go buy right here down.
It's right in Lakeland.
And it's really cool.
It's awesome that you get to find like little bits of history.
I love it.
Yeah.
Could you you think you said this?
You have some of a country bear thing that I was very intrigued by.
Oh, I got teddy bear's fur.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Yeah.
I totally forgot.
Teddy bear is fur.
Yes.
And it even has some of the pink stuff still left on it.
It's from a refer.
And a lot of that stuff you can get checked with like property control and stuff.
And if it's sold through any of the old Disney, Anna, like auctions, it all comes with certifications.
So it's really cool.
Nate, the energy with which you said that, I truly thought you were about to say, yeah,
I got teddy bear's phone number.
Yeah.
Oh, I'll be right up.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Wow.
I don't know where else to go from there.
That's oh my God.
You know, let me let me do something really quick on the end because to make sure that we fully covered.
You can't talk about Food and Wine Festival without bringing up Eat to the Beat.
Somebody bought something for Mike.
For me?
Oh, wow.
Casa Migos.
Wow.
Right on time.
Like, we're winding it down.
You know what, Nate?
There was a third silent person involved in Casa Migos named Michael Melman.
And you don't see him on the ads with you.
You don't see the ads of George and Randy.
He's not on those ads, but he is very important in the story as well.
And I just want everyone to know that or remember it.
It's less good than the briefcase.
Wait. OK. So say his name and then do the shot.
Thank you, Michael Melman.
Yeah. There he does it.
There he goes.
And now that's perfect timing because here's what I was going to do.
I was about to give Mike one of his favorite experiences in the world.
And it is in here's what here's what my plan was.
And I'll need your help with a little applause on this, too.
Food and Wine is happening, but something else happens during that.
It's at the American Adventure Outdoor Stage and it's called the Eat to the Beat concert series.
And this is where all of Mike's favorite bands come to rock, to jam, to play the three songs of theirs, you know, and then three others.
The Sick Nasty is Bands in America. Yeah.
So here's the gift I'm going to give you now with some tequila coursing through your veins.
I'm going to say the names of some of the bands that played this year in twenty twenty three.
And I would like you to do the ultimate Mike, a song is on finger point and ever been and let's whatever you feel like you want to do audience.
OK, so here we go. Who's played this year? Why we got Hanson.
Yeah, Bob Bob.
I watched Hanson set about a week ago on YouTube from me to the beat from me to the beat.
And tell me, Nate, if you've been to any of these, the Joey Fatone and Friends watched it as well.
But one up saw it on YouTube. I did.
That's amazing. My YouTube wants me to see the sets from me to the beat now.
Uh huh. It's the well. Yeah, it's that and the person next to me.
Your entire algorithm.
Let's give it up for the Baja man.
Oh, we left the dog one up. I saw them at Epcot in twenty nineteen.
Oh, yeah, you did that one. No, that's right.
Well, I'm sorry that you didn't get to do Big Bad Voodoo Daddy.
We are competing. They were tonight.
We're competing with Big Band. Oh, we probably lost some audience.
Oh, geez. I thought it seemed a little thin out here.
It's electric Daisy Carnival night, too.
Wow. It is busy right now.
Let's I know you're going to want to put one up for Sugar Ray Sugar Ray.
Have you seen Nate? Have you seen him?
I did. I've seen him many a times. I love every morning.
This is why this is why I watch you.
We're on the same. This is why you'll be the second host soon enough.
The deal will be made backstage.
And finally, let's all put one in the air for Hoobastank.
Hoobastank. And one more thing.
I think this could be a good applause line.
This is something that I think we'll all remember for a while that after this great day of friendship
and Epcot drinking that we were at the front of the park and we were under Spaceship Earth
when we found out that the sag after a strike was over.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hypothetically, we can work again if we get cast in theory.
We can work again.
The only problem now is that no one wants to hire us.
Back to my believe you said the miracle of Epcot.
Dude, dude, dude.
It was an Epcot miracle.
This entire thing was an Epcot miracle.
And now I'm happy. I was just so happy you could do it with us.
Nate Paging, Mr. Morrow, You Survive podcast, the ride.
Give it up for the sky.
I'm so glad you could do it. Oh, my God.
Completer Griffin Newman, you completed podcast, the ride.
You came from fucking New York and I've had a great time with you all week.
I'm so glad he did it for you guys.
I got two stamps, one from each live show tonight.
Yeah, you completed both shows.
I think a lot of you folks completed both shows too.
And we thank you so much. We can we thank everybody who came to all of them.
You survived podcast, the ride live in Orlando.
God damn. I want to do this every single Friday night.
I think you guys probably all do too.
And really quick before we go, I want to thank some people who helped make this week incredible for us.
Adam Leprade, Josh Holtzclaw, Nico Wells, Kevin Tully, Pat Rice, Carson Luter, Van Robichow, Matt Cardona.
Thank you to Connor and Eric and everyone here at 10 through for Orlando.
And thanks, Aaron Gardner and Lindsey K. Tai for holding down the fort back at home.
Thank you all for coming out. This was unbelievable.
We really appreciate it. We love you.
We love you, Orlando. Goodbye, friends.
Goodbye.
Forever.
This has been a Forever Dog Production.
Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.com and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
