Five, four, three, two, one.
Ding-a-ling-a-ling.
That was the, there's the bell on the door, not the door bell,
but the little jangly bell on top of the door of the charming little PTR post office.
That's the sound of letters being delivered.
They just came in and we're going to sort through them and make you part of the show.
Thank you for your questions.
Oh, we still have to introduce ourselves and that kind of thing.
Scott Gardner, Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan.
Hi.
Uh-huh.
So we've done that and we have culled some questions.
And this process gave me a question to ask everyone.
We've discussed this internally a tiny bit and now I'm going to pose it generally to the audience.
How we have always done this in the past is on Twitter.
But as we know, Twitter is a corpse now.
Twitter is a terrible place and it's becoming, like when we're aware of this,
I don't know how much longer we want to conduct our primary business on this horrible ash heap of a platform.
Yeah.
Look, it's always, we've all, everyone has been called, you know, I heard it called a garbage fire.
I heard it a number of years ago, in fact.
But you know, at least it was still like functioning.
Now it's just like, I posted the question, like, can you even reply anymore?
Is Elon going to like just eliminate, you know, all right, no more W's we realize?
W's are not conducive to, it's not cool.
So yeah, it's the letter next to X.
So we bumped it.
It kind of got in the way.
So you can't use W anymore, but otherwise it's the same.
So it sucks.
We don't want to be, we asked questions on Instagram too.
Here's my question.
Where do you want us?
Where are you actually, where's the listener actually going to be?
Because you hear blue sky and you hear threads.
Personally, I'm not getting on any of this shit as Scott.
Yeah.
But the podcast, I would like the podcast social media has always made me very happy interacting with you guys and making jokes about theme park news.
I'd like to do these things.
That stuff's fun.
But where are you audience?
Where should we be?
Where you are?
Which one of these consolation prizes are you taking?
Yeah.
I wonder if there's any, I bet there's not even a consensus, but I'm interested to see what people say.
Yeah, because I've been poking around on blue sky and I haven't set up the show account yet.
But I own my personal account.
I posted a silly little jokey other day and it got more likes on blue sky than Twitter.
And I was like, oh, is this the turning point?
This is a sign.
Yes.
Can I ask what the difference was in likes?
Like 30, 30, 40.
OK, that's a lot.
That's a lot.
Wait, well, that means you had a hit blue sky.
Did you have a viral blue sky?
I guess I did.
A viral.
Do they call them skeets?
Is that a bit?
I don't know what's going on.
Do they call them skeets?
I feel like I kept seeing people refer to it as skeets.
Doesn't seem right.
That doesn't seem right.
I don't know if that was a joke that got out of hand or what.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it makes sense in a way.
It's like the skeets that you shoot at, they go flying up into the blue sky.
Right.
Everyone look at that skeet shoot by.
Congrats on your viral skeet, first of all.
Oh my God, I'm looking at our questions and they're all about Jason's viral skeet.
Yeah.
How did he think of it?
Is he proud of it?
Is he going to rest on his laurels and never skeet again?
Oh, maybe.
That's always a possibility.
I'll say this on the Instagram, the question box you get on stories, the answers come in
in a very organized fashion.
I don't know if I've ever seen it.
It's just a really nice line of like, here's the people who wrote in.
So you're saying, so for you, for your purposes, looking at it.
For our purposes, for mail back purposes.
Comfortability wise.
Now, I did an old person thing and immediately screen grabbed the ones I wanted so I didn't
have to look in the app.
I don't see, I have all the complaints I have about Twitter.
One is not that it's not organized.
Oh no, I wasn't saying about Twitter.
I was just like, oh, this looks very nice.
I hadn't tried this feature yet.
Okay.
Well, great.
Enjoy your, look through your organized pile of now screenshots and I'll see what I can
grab.
Are you looking at Twitter too, Mike?
I should have had one ready to go.
I had one.
I had one.
There's a one that got sent in on our Patreon that I just screen grabbed.
Oh.
And it's a simple one.
Yes.
I've pulled up pictures of toys.
That's not what I wanted.
That says Brianna sent you a message.
And the question here is, during Celebriary, Jason talked about his plan at Hollywood Watch.
Did he ever get his?
Did I ever get, well, I think it's probably back, I did have a plan at Hollywood Watch
for a number of years.
The band started to rot at some point.
Oh wait, I have screwed the, during, okay, did he ever get his watch guy to fix it?
Oh, I still haven't found it.
No, I haven't taken it to the watch guy yet.
Wow.
This is somebody who fully knows the story.
Better than we do.
We didn't remember.
Sorry, I obviously got confused too there.
Yeah.
So I apologize.
So no, you haven't gone to the watch guy.
So I haven't dug it out and got it.
But you have a watch guy.
Yeah, Tulik Lake has a watch repairman and batteries.
We have talked about this.
Yeah.
It's right across from the old Bob's Big Boy.
Is the watch repairman, is it like a 90 year old?
No, it's actually a pretty young guy.
Damn.
Man, that sucks.
Find a new guy.
Find an older guy.
I think there's an older, there's a watch.
What does this guy know?
He's a kid.
Does he have a co, do you have a cobbler or anything?
In Burbank?
I, I don't know.
Are the dry cleaning people, are they elderly?
Do they hang it on a line outside?
Yeah, do they hang it on a line?
Run it through the little, the washer?
Jason, who do you see for goods or services that are pushing 80 or 90?
Anyone in Burbank?
That's a good question.
I feel like.
It seems like the answer is no.
No, I don't, I mean, cobbler, you like, uh, I feel like I mostly have bought shitty shoes
over the years that are not worth repairing.
Right.
You know?
You haven't needed a cobbler.
I haven't needed a cobbler.
All right.
No.
And then Milneadies, it's just a small army of people who work at that.
Yeah.
Famous dry cleaners in Burbank.
Of course.
Famous?
Famous.
It is kind of famous.
Why?
Huh?
Huh?
Why?
Follow question, why?
It's open 365 days a year, 24 hours a day.
That doesn't make it famous.
Why is it famous?
The studio, customers go there, stylists go there.
Maybe locally famous.
Locally, no.
Locally notorious.
Locally famous.
Like, why does someone in Indiana know about Milneadies?
Oh, no, no, not someone in Indiana.
But like, if you're driving around the valley, there's a giant pink building.
Do they have hot dogs there?
Huh?
I think on Fridays they still do hot dogs.
They do have popcorn.
They have free coffee and cookies.
Well.
You know?
What more do you need?
Yeah.
Well, maybe it should be famous.
It should be nationally famous, if not internationally famous.
Sure.
Do they cook the hot dogs near the chemicals to do the dry cleaning?
I think it's like one of those machines.
I've never smelled chemicals there, honestly.
It's all.
It's all in the back.
Yeah, it's all in the back.
It's a pretty big operation.
So it's not interfering with the hot dogs.
Hope not.
Where have you been where you can smell chemicals in the.
The dry cleaner?
Yeah.
In the block?
Sometimes.
Maybe I'm crazy.
It just smells fresh.
Yeah.
Good chemicals.
The chemicals are kind of dangerous, some of those places.
I think you need to go to a less stinky dry cleaner is what you need to do.
Maybe that's the problem.
The hot dogs I've been eating at my dry cleaner are really smelly, too.
So these hot dogs smell like the cleaning fluid.
I mean, they're free, so I'm going to eat them.
But still, always life hack.
Always eat a free hot dog.
Ask no questions.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like the army.
You eat and sleep when you can.
You know, you never know when you're going to come across a free hot dog.
Yes.
Anyone got one?
Yeah.
Ned Mulca asked on Instagram, has the term e-ticket run away from its original meaning?
The pack mules were once e-tickets.
Pretty good specific there about the pack mules.
I don't know.
I feel like most big new rides people refer to as e-tickets, you know, unless it's like a flat ride, like a spinner ride.
Well, yeah, but what does he mean?
He means that e-tickets were once...
He's saying that we don't acknowledge our mules and celebrate our mules.
Is this question mule based or is it more of a broader point about what we've recontextualized e-ticket or redefined it, I should say?
I think the redefined, yeah.
Like now it means like the best, biggest thing is my guess.
At the time, I think it was mules.
And now it's not.
Now, unfortunately, it's not mules.
I think times change and mules used to be a little more exciting, which I find sad.
There were probably many, maybe centuries on this earth where a mule ride was the most exciting thing available to do anywhere.
Right.
So you get to go to Disney and go to a mule ride and that was a big deal.
But I'm saying like the year two.
What was better to do than ride a mule?
Right. That's true.
So, yeah, obviously it's changed.
Now, does it?
Yeah, like we've talked about this on the show.
E-tickets.
I said something along the lines of I wouldn't make pirates an e-ticket anymore because of the way I feel about e-tickets, which I know people think is insane.
Yeah, you got some bad feet.
People were mad at me for saying that.
Was that the one that pirates isn't an e-ticket?
I think I said pirates in Haunted Mansion aren't e-tickets anymore and I think people are very mad at me.
That's crazy to me.
Well, just the way that e-ticket now feels, it feels like it has to be some crazy blockbuster.
Like the vehicle itself is like something you've never experienced, like is mega high tech.
I just think scope.
I think scope is what always.
Yeah.
But then that begs the question, due to scope, does that require then that you define Spaceship Earth as an e-ticket?
Right.
Because that doesn't feel right to me.
No, but it is as there has as much scope.
It's just not as quite as beloved as those other two rides.
I think it's not.
You know what kills Spaceship Earth in the e-ticket?
And let me say, I love Spaceship Earth.
I make a point of going on it every time.
I'm so happy when I'm in that line, when I'm in that building.
I agree.
Second half, I think we've all maybe had as much fun as we're going to have with the terrible, your future.
In the future, your face will be very spotty in a photo that was taken terribly.
Oh yeah, it sucks.
Yeah, that sucks.
If that, what was that second half?
The jib-jab part of Epcot, of the Spaceship Earth.
Yes.
Jib-jab was the future at one point in like in 2006.
But today we've maybe moved past jib-jab.
Yeah, it's bad.
I mean, they know it.
I'm sure that was part of the defunct.
If at some point we're recording this still in the sag strike, and AI is obviously going to be an issue all the time.
But if you saw one of those tweets go around, maybe I make this joke on Twitter already.
Look what's possible with AI and then cut to that.
Cut to you, cut to Guy with half his face caved in skiing.
You see, they just took this photo and then 10 minutes later a fully animated sequence.
Actors are fucked.
He's got eight fingers on his hand.
Yes, but you're not as good as the other two.
But yes, scope-wise and history-wise, and it would have been considered I think a neat ticket at one point.
So it's tough because I now think there's other things that are there's a lot of different qualifiers for you.
Take it as Big Thunder and ticket.
Thunder Mountain Railroad is at an e-ticket.
You say yes.
I say, Jason, I guess so.
Where do you draw the line to be ticket?
What's the first one that that feels like it's right on the cusp?
Obviously, Splash Mountain was an e-ticket.
I think Space Mountain is an e-ticket.
They were done with tickets by Space Mountain.
I just mean in the sense, I think it's more of a feeling.
It's a feeling, it's not a fact.
I think what I might be pulling into it at this point is like e-ticket feels like this historical Disney term in this way.
So in some ways, so I almost like is Big Thunder high tech, not necessarily, but it's like Disneyland primary basic beloved got to do it.
I think if there wasn't the nostalgia for the term e-ticket right tied into it, it's Star Tours and e-ticket.
Yeah, but not Millennium Falcon.
That's tricky because Millennium Falcon so much more impressive.
Maybe I'm docking it points historically.
So your tickets are more historical than they are sort of more impressive rides necessary.
You know what I'm pulling into it maybe is that like I think most rides that have the, what is all that shit called now, Lightning Lane, whatever.
Yeah, yeah, right.
If it has Lightning Lane available, that feels like that.
Well, that's an e-ticket then I think.
Well, Genie Plus Lightning Lane access or individual Lightning Lane purchase.
I don't know and I hate your question.
I'm so sick of this stuff.
I don't want to learn it.
It's getting worse.
They're charging more money.
Like they are really testing all of us.
They're testing us every day.
How far?
They're daring us.
Don't come here.
Fuck.
It's worked.
I haven't been like all year.
I know and they're testing me.
I'm going because my friends are in town and I'm excited on some level, but like they're making us madder every day.
It's making me want breaks.
I want absence to make the heart grow fonder.
I will be back.
We're recording this as we're going to Florida.
We'll be in Disney World.
We'll be in Disney World.
They are making us madder every day and they're trying.
That's a whole other conversation.
But it's tough because Mickey and Minnie now has been absorbed in Genie Plus, I believe.
They don't have a Lightning Lane, but that's an e-ticket, of course.
That's right.
It's very cool and impressive.
But I think that so many.
But I don't think you buy that definition.
Doesn't Millennium Falcon have to be?
That's what I mean.
But then everything is almost an e-ticket.
Really then you really should just.
I think it's a stacked category.
Then you should just have e-tickets and D and C and C is teacups and then D is the dark rides.
Then you eliminate A almost.
It's like getting rid of the penny.
Almost nothing is an e-ticket.
Because if we're talking historical, Peter Pan should be an e-ticket.
Because of how long it's been around and how beloved it is.
Not anymore though.
I think you.
You think that one's changed.
This is a pan bias.
But I think.
But those waits.
It sells in insane wait time.
I have family visiting where it's like well it's only 40 minutes.
Let's do it.
You know.
Because we're not.
Because if Pan and Big Thunder I think should be in the same category.
I don't think.
Historically.
Literally.
I don't think Peter Pan's flight was any ticket.
If that tells you.
I don't think it was either.
Yeah.
But I kind of in the hindsight now feel like Big Thunder and Peter Pan should be in the same category.
Not the other dark rides necessarily.
I disagree.
Big Thunder goes fast.
Big Thunder's a fast ride.
Ultimately like Peter Pan I think is like it's nostalgia and it's a nice I think gentle.
I don't think almost anything gentle is an e-ticket.
That's interesting.
Well I think there is something to that in my definition of e-ticket.
Because I think it's a cleaner definition of like big fast impressive.
And I would still put space like in this definition it's like still Space Mountain.
It's Guardians.
It's cars.
It's Rise of the Resistance.
Falcon is on the cusp of it.
I think Falcon.
And the Context.
And credit coasters on it.
Yeah.
But the Context Falcon was introduced was always the secondary ride to Rise of the Resistance.
Even though they didn't get them both open at the same time.
It almost felt like a D ticket.
So a D ticket.
It's automatically number two.
It's also not though because it's impressive.
Obviously people don't like it as much as they should.
But the technology is insane.
The line is insane.
Peter Pan's flight was a C.
It was a C ticket.
I hear you.
I think I don't understand not shying that up to e.
I know I hear you when I just said nothing gentle and yet I have ranked Haunted Mansion Pirates as e.
But I think you got more.
The only other thing I think is scope and the scope is enormous.
You know what else is an e-ticket?
Country Bear Jamboree.
Well in that definition absolutely I agree.
But my definition of what e-ticket is, which I think is at least simpler, is just the biggest big stuff, newish stuff, impressive, fast.
And I feel like you can put that.
I feel like I can make the sense of that easier than having a really like wide ranging criteria for an e-ticket.
What do you think about this Peter Pan issue?
I think it's tough because it's like I don't think it was designed to be like that.
It was designed to be an e-ticket.
But I think organically so many people took to it and it often has some of the longest waits in the park.
But I don't think waits has anything to do with it.
I think the ride itself.
Do you go off, they get off that ride and in this way this like the parlance of is that way that was a real e-ticket.
I don't think you come off, you got to come off the thing with kind of blown away.
How do people feel besides little children on Peter Pan's flight?
I think though there is some Peter Pan is doing something different than the other dark rides.
There's a reason not just it's slower loading, which it might be, but there is something it's still doing after all these years that make it the most popular one.
Now, obviously it's not the big scope of pirates, but I think there is something about it that is still wowing people or making them excited.
It's a sensation I think of flying.
It's the track above you that makes it unique.
If something in Fantasyland had to be pegged as an e-ticket, it would probably be that because I don't know that it has that much competition.
You know what it was in reality was Small World apparently.
Was an e-ticket. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. That I kind of I believe that it's a long ride.
A lot of puppets.
Scope.
A lot of sets.
Yeah. A lot of scope.
Here's where I come on your opinion, Mike.
I don't think I can't square a world where Peter Pan's flight is e-ticket and not Haunted Mansion Pirates of the Caribbean.
I agree with that.
No, no. I was saying that if Peter Pan, it's Haunted Mansion and Pirates 2.
Then you let them all in the door.
I say they all go in the door if that's the criteria.
But my definition I think that I'm sticking with is sort of what I just said is like the big fast rides.
Newish. I certainly bias toward new.
Sure.
But.
And I know I'm bringing my bias into this.
I don't think Peter Pan's flight should be an e-ticket and I don't think a meet and greet with Chucko the Clown should be an e-ticket either.
I'm bringing my personal issues into.
Fair enough.
We can all have the Disney is not defined this in the year 2023.
So we all are sort of grasping at our own straws.
OK. I have another good one here.
This more personal kind of based.
Eric Terry Moore asked worst date at a theme park or have you had a date at a theme park?
What is this question?
That just went odd.
Date?
I think this is funny.
I just haven't had a lot of dates admittedly at theme parks.
Exactly.
I was interested. Yeah, because I haven't either.
Unless you got.
No, no.
I thought you were going to say, well, I have a story.
No, the answer, sir, is no.
I wanted to hear if anyone else had.
No, because I.
I told it on the Club 3, my story.
The most humiliating story ever told for this level.
That was like that was like that was like like we almost had to like give an X rating to that story.
That's how crazy that story was.
That's a lameness you're dealing with on this on this show.
Yeah, I just never had like because my dating history is very low.
I had two regular girlfriends and then my wife who have been with forever.
So that just doesn't give me a ton.
So I would just I would go I was never like a single date that went to a theme park.
I went with a girlfriend, though, who I mean, I very I clearly remember.
Wow, I'm going to Disneyland with my new girlfriend.
So I get to say some of the stuff that I know.
So we're walking down Main Street and like now look, those windows up there, those are the names of imagineers, people who helped build the rides.
And I think she said, who cares?
Oh, and I'm like, OK, well, I guess I better not build an entire years long project around saying facts that are more arcane than that.
Oh, that's rough.
I don't even know if I have anything like that good to say.
I wonder if listeners have had that story where like they've really I guarantee there's a lot of people listening to this right now who have tried to set to said to somebody they love somebody.
It's not even an ex or the like somebody they're like life partner.
They have repeated something from our show and gotten a who cares.
It's not a literal who cares than like a just a blank way like sorry, we're talking.
Yeah, yeah, that happens constantly with the show.
Sorry, my mind was elsewhere. What?
What was that?
I don't know what happened.
I just drifted away.
The person they said it to, their brain was just doing the turkey in the straw that Homer's does.
Little old cartoon.
Yeah.
I've been like on a Tilted Whirl in like sixth grade with a girl that I thought was cute.
But I didn't say anything.
I didn't just like, well, I hope Serendipity works out.
And we end up married.
Like there was no nothing.
If I may for a minute, that was her name.
Sarah.
My Sarah.
Yeah, that was the girl.
I was with her in sixth grade.
Her name is Sarah.
And yeah.
And then we kissed.
Yeah, that's what we did.
Interesting. What nationality is that?
Oh, American?
I want a Shire King.
I want a big stuffed plush.
I want a bigan at the carnival for her.
I was playing for another bigan.
See, in that story at 12 years old, I would have been like, well, I see them at school all the time.
But how often do I get to ride a Tilted Whirl?
You know, I would have been purely focused on the Tilted Whirl.
Oh, I see.
I was going to say, because that energy seemed weird because you're like shaking around.
How often do I get to ride?
I would have been so excited.
So I was like, whoa, wait, you really want to get them.
But you're saying you don't want a girl in the way.
You want pure Tilted Whirl.
I would have been happy to join, but I would have started talking about like, you know, if you close your eyes, sometimes sensations feel stronger.
You were horny for the Tilted Whirl.
Huh? Oh, yeah.
I was torn up for the Tilted Whirl.
My coming of age story was just riding the Tilted Whirl.
Jason, do you want to go on the Tilted Whirl with me?
No.
Why don't we get our own cars?
We get our own cars.
I get to slide around back and forth.
The vibration of the Tilted Whirl are better when you're solo in a car.
Wasn't there this upsetting thread about a woman who like was in love with coasters?
Oh, there was a deranged thread.
Oh, I like that name, yeah.
There was a deranged thread where someone was sexually attracted to roller coasters.
And then the further you got down the thread, the person doing the thread revealed like, now I have a buddy who's part, who's like, you know, has an attachment to this roller coaster.
And it was that like they were mad at the person sexually attracted roller coasters because they had normal friends who were romantically attracted to roller coasters.
Oh, okay.
It's not a true rollercoaster. It's not a taking advantage sexual relationship.
Yeah, it takes all kinds, I guess.
Jason's first crush was the Tilted Whirl, it sounds like.
Mine was Chase Meridian and Jason's was the Tilted Whirl.
She twirls like a beautiful ballet dancer.
Oh, yes, they weave in and out of each other.
Oh, the precision.
Look at this, the grace, the beauty of the Tilted Whirl.
We're only I to tame her.
Summer ends and we say goodbye at the Jersey Shore for love shall come again next spring.
Why is Jason dressed in a little tux in his sixth grade going to the carnival?
He brought a heart shaped box of candies.
For what?
For roses as well.
For who?
He said he was going to dance the Tilted Whirl like Gene Kelly danced with the vacuum cleaner.
He's been taking ballroom dancing lessons.
Leading up to the carnival.
Yeah.
Oh, he just got bodied by a Tilted Whirl.
Oh, he did it to the machine.
He's hitting between the cars.
Do not exit the car when it's in motion.
Oh, he landed on the pavement outside.
He cracked his head open.
He's so injured, but he's still trying to kiss the side of the car.
Oh, no.
I think he's saying, I get a kick out of you, but there's so much blood spurting out of his mouth.
Oh, man.
And then when they put your brain back together, suddenly you were attracted to human women.
Yeah.
They got scrambled up on the pavement and rearranged everything.
I'm regular now.
Good.
I'm normal.
Thank you for hurting me, sweet lady.
Thank you, sweet lady.
My actual answer, I think I used to be far too practical of like, well, we had to be dating at least for a few months to know if we want to go to a theme park together,
because you're going to be with the person for hours and hours, often in line, having to make conversations.
So that'd be terrible for like a first or second date where you're just getting to know each other.
It's a big ass, the giant all day.
If you drive down there together, assuming you're far away from one.
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Yeah.
It's a little easier if you live in LA and it's like, oh, we both have passes to Universal and we're going to go over and then eat at City Wall.
Like that's a little more low key.
And City Walk, of course, the best place for a date in Los Angeles and the state and the world.
Yeah, you can't spell City Walk without romance.
I've got I've got one.
Sorry, Scott, this question and I are going to really get.
Oh, I saw, you know, I was almost saying, yeah, pick it because I could take a break here.
Yeah, you can leave if you want.
Yeah, you three were put in charge of putting an X-Men ride in Disney's California Adventure.
But the ride has to be a re theme of a ride that is already in the park.
Which ride would you re theme?
Thanks, Zach McCowen.
But I don't know why you said three and not two.
He should have said two, but he didn't want to be mean.
He didn't want to leave you out.
Thank you.
You know, you know, it's Hugh Jackman.
You've seen some of the specifics of this.
But this is look, this is a shockingly little, you know, Hugh Jack.
I said Hugh Jackman.
I do know who that is.
You know, he was a great showman.
Yeah, so OK, this is a tough one because the X and a beautiful X-Men ride is all what Jason and I have dreamed of our whole lives.
We're going to build a big, beautiful X-Men ride.
Beautiful.
And this is all we've ever wanted, I think, as far as properties.
I don't know. Maybe there's something else.
Maybe I wanted like a song.
Maybe I wanted a Mario ride earlier, a Sonic ride or something.
But X-Men has been the one that's never really happened.
Yeah, the Storm Spinner ride at Islands of Adventure is just not enough.
It is not enough.
It is not there.
So this is an interesting test because you have to re-theme a current ride.
And I would obviously prefer one built from scratch.
But we're going to need to do some real construction on stuff because nothing, nothing like pops out immediately as, oh, that's the perfect option.
Because I would want if we were doing Disneyland, Rise of the Resistance, gone.
X-Men in.
Oh my God.
That's what I would do.
100%.
Jason's with me on this.
Do you start, it's a school?
Well, do the quick version.
Do the quick version.
Okay.
You are a new mutant arriving at Xavier's school for gifted youngsters.
It's the mansion.
What?
Hold on.
You actually are maybe somewhere else.
You're actually sort of like, you're going through the first part of the line and then you get on a little mini Blackbird.
You re-theme the Lieutenant Beck ship into a little mini Blackbird and then you end up at the mansion.
At the man, doors open.
Doors open.
It's the hangar in the mansion or whatever.
Or you just see like the mansion in the distance and then you go and you go into your room.
Guys, I understand that this has become an anti Rise of the Resistance podcast.
No, no, no.
It's not anti, it's not anti.
But you guys are, you're frothing at the mouth.
You're thrilled to bulldoze.
I am thrilled to bulldoze.
You're going to go in with the bats and just smash every stormtrooper in the head.
I would be happy to do it because of how much I love X-Men.
This isn't my anti Rise of the Resistance.
No, you're famously, famously a big fan.
No, it's separated, but it's separated from it.
This is separate.
Because he loves Rise of the Resistance and he's doing the same thing.
That's how much people love X-Men.
The prison cells could easily be orientation and then the ride, ride part is like, it's a big battle.
It's become not interrogation rooms, but regular classrooms.
Yes, classrooms.
Where you learn, where your mind grows, you learn how to use your powers.
You get Emma Frost in there, you get Hank McCoy, you get your different teachers.
Hank McCoy?
Now I'm on board?
The Beast, the Beast.
Hank!
Get far fucking good.
Yes.
Get Ray out of there.
Fuck Ray.
Hank McCoy, Emma Frost.
And so maybe the ride itself starts as just a tour through the school, but then a battle breaks out and then the very end, you're dropped.
The drop portion, it actually reveals, oh this is all a danger room simulation.
Of course.
Welcome to school.
Perfect.
You're okay.
Everyone's okay.
This is a simulation?
That sucks.
It didn't happen.
That's a sitcom.
It was all a dream.
Normally I would agree with that, but the danger room is such a main part of the X-Men.
This is an inverse of, in Men in Black, you're in a simulation.
Guess what?
It's real.
You're pitching a flip where none of that happened.
That stinks.
Well actually the Men in Black ride does kind of trick you into like, oh never mind.
Because they erase your mind, but it all happens.
It's a cute little bit.
It doesn't reverse it.
I would normally say yes, but if you had the affection for the X-Men and knew about how cool a danger room is, I think you would be on board with this.
But then the X-Men actually go to fight, don't they?
They fight some crazy shit.
They fight in the danger room, everyone and everyone.
That's true, that's true.
The trouble with Rise of the Resistance is that it's happening.
What if we could create a ride, a simulation of a simulation?
But it's so iconic that people would still be thrilled to be in the danger room.
That's the thing.
And McCoy is there?
Hey, McCoy is there.
The name McCoy, before is DC like questionable actions in the last few years.
I don't care about that.
Throw that out.
Can you go back to the original question?
Was it asking for anything at Disneyland?
Redoing DCA.
DCA.
So now we haven't answered the question yet.
Thank God.
Thank God they said DCA.
What's happening where all of Galaxy's Edge is gone and it becomes Marvel?
Now, in the year where, boy, Star Wars is starting to shit the bed.
Where's the future?
Marvel.
People want as much of this as they can get.
1990s X-Men.
Yeah.
1990s X-Men.
So I think it is, if you redo either Radar Springs Racers or Soarin'.
I think you gotta get Radar Radiator Springs.
You monsters.
You could pick anything.
You could take, you could leave good rides and replace and take a bad ride and do an
overlay that makes turns a bad ride into a good ride.
And you are removing the star rides of both parts.
I'm not, this isn't a slight of the actual rides.
I'm just thinking, I'm just on a lark of like, oh, the beats of this ride, if you had to
theme it, you could do Radar Springs Racers similar, arriving at the school and then a
battle breaks out.
It's just a school again.
It's a big rock canyon.
What's it gonna get turned into?
What is the outside now?
Could it be Krakoa?
Could you turn the rock into Krakoa, the living island?
It could be Krakoa.
It could be the living island they live on.
Okay, I don't know what that is, but this sounds better.
There's a living island.
There's a living island.
I'm not, you tear down rocks and make it a school.
As an outset, I'm glad I'm here to regulate you.
I wouldn't know.
I wonder if I were to tell you the school's in Westchester County, New York.
Pretty interesting.
I think on Radiator Springs though, you change the cars into what, little jets, little Blackbird
jets?
Yeah.
Okay.
Cause they're going to have a race at the end or though that doesn't, that's not as
fun.
There should be something more fun.
Or sometimes they have sports cars.
Can you make Radiator Springs like ancient Egypt?
Like in their fighting apocalypse or something.
Cause apocalypse and Sabaner, of course, played by Oscar Isaac in the bad movie X-Men Apocalypse,
all of your not favorites will be there.
Yeah.
Well, characters from bad movies.
It's not going to be the movie version.
It's going to be the 90s X-Men version, of course.
Yeah.
It can't be the current version because he's an ally of the X-Men.
Yeah.
It can't be that either.
It's got to be, it's got to be when Jason and I were kids.
That version, that's what the version is.
Soaring is the cleanest for like, oh, you're soaring through a black, you know, in the
Blackbird jet.
Yeah.
And then a battle breaks out in the air with, it's actually just the E-ticket that was supposed
to go to Avengers campus, which is devolving every time we see concept art.
The ride system though, is not what I want.
I think it has to be, I think it has to be Radiator Springs Racers.
And I think it, like, you're going to have to find like a jet, like you're going through
like basic mutant training or something.
Sure.
It's going to have to be.
And we'll have to use the existing track.
Yeah.
And Radiator Springs Racers.
So we've zim cars land to the Westchester, New York.
That's now no longer Route 66 or whatever.
Welcome to Westchester.
It's Westchester.
And, and now, yeah, you change you.
So use the rock formation to be, because there's a famous Jason Aaron run of X-Men, the writer
Jason Aaron, of course, who he had Krakow under the mansion, the living island, sort
of the mansion was on top of it.
So like the, the Island would be sort of a character as well.
It was kind of a Magic School Bus meets X-Men kind of a run, which I really liked.
So that'll be the mansion will be there.
But then the sort of mountain range of Radiator Springs will be Krakow, the living island.
And then it will just take you through dark ride scenes of all the characters we like.
Hank McCoy, Aurora Monroe, Jubilation Lee, Jason, feel free to draw.
Remi Labu.
Remi Laboe.
I always thought of his name.
I always get it wrong.
And it can be Maggot.
I forget Maggot's real name.
And then at the end, it's Maggot.
It's Maggot.
He's got a big nineties coat and his digestive system can come out of his body in the form
of metal slug Maggot and it eats things.
Come watch Maggot shit Maggot's.
Yes, exactly.
So you can see that.
And yeah, you get so, so you do get like kind of slower intimate moments with the different
X-Men because of how much dark ride space there is in Radiator Springs.
Everyone gets a personal slow dance with Mystique.
Oh, yes, absolutely.
And she will, she will allow a kiss on the cheek if you ask nicely.
That's good.
And then she starts mutating into like people, you know, maybe they pass, maybe they project
at you because she's fucking with your head.
We're using new technology where she can pull out people you know from your life and her
face will change into like an old girlfriend.
The people who've scorned you the most.
Yes.
I'm actually your ex-girlfriend, Sarah and Dippity.
And then you go in with Emma Frost and she will have a psychic affair with you like she
did with Cyclops 20 years ago where she has an affair in her mind because she's a telepath.
Can that happen and still we're getting people in and out of this building in 30, 45 seconds?
When you're in your mind, you can, time can slow down so you don't necessarily know how
long it's been when you're having a psychic affair with the robot Emma Frost.
Yeah.
Also, in more recent storytelling, it's kind of alluded to that like a lot of the mutants
living on the island are all Polly now.
Sure, yeah.
That'll be in there too somehow.
I don't know how, but it will be.
It's on the warning sign when you go in.
Warning, this loud, this right is loud, sound, sudden movements, every character you will
meet is Polly.
Yeah.
So if you're not down, just, you know, kind of just look away.
But if you're in, you know.
Wolverines eyeing up Ms. Marvel and Cyclops.
Not Ms. Marvel.
Ms. Marvel's a child now.
Oh, oh, Captain Marvel.
From the early?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no, Ms. Marvel.
Sorry, Marvel Girl?
Marvel Woman?
Carol Danvers you're talking about?
No, Jean Grey I was talking about.
She's at 788 Phoenix.
Oh, so yeah, so sorry.
Jason and I got ourselves confused.
Is Carol Danvers going to be part of the ride?
She's part of the ride as well.
Okay.
Well, Kamala Khan is part of the ride, but Carol Danvers is not necessarily part of the
ride.
Okay, fine.
We'll be arguing about this off the ear.
And then the end is just sort of a race through Krakoa and you can have Quicksilver sort of
running alongside Pietro, of course, the brother of the Scarlet Witch, Wanda Maximoff, a child
of Magneto.
And you can have, who else is fast?
Who's fast?
Hmm.
Rogue's pretty fast.
Rogue is fast.
Storm is fast.
These are all flyers.
They all fly so they can all sort of be flying alongside your vehicle.
Oh, North Star is a speedster.
North Star, yeah.
Can Siren fly?
Banshee's daughter Siren?
Yeah.
Can she fly?
She can fly.
Okay, so they're all there.
All the robots are sort of like suspended somewhere and they're all kind of flying along
with you and then you see who wins that race at the end.
And the very end of the ride where they tell you, like in the current ride, it's Mater and
Lightning McQueen telling you who won the race.
It's all the X-Men having a picnic and playing a baseball game.
Yes, baseball game.
Because that's often like the interlude bottle episode issues are like the X-Men play baseball
and then a calamity happens.
That's right.
The tone of this, the tone.
Because they like, they play, because the X-Men, I love they play baseball.
Yeah.
That's what my X-Men like to do.
I love any issue where the X-Men play baseball against each other.
It's like, I love it.
Jason and I are in agreement on this one.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Great.
We've done it.
I have warm memories about X-Men baseball games and some family events.
I just want to make it clear.
Extended family events.
I want to make it clear that date question, what the type of response it got from all
of us and then what this response got and I want to make it very clear who we are and
what we're.
I'd say you wouldn't have a lot of opportunities for first dates at the Disney theme parks.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Almost like all of you could find.
Okay.
A lot of breath.
I'm tired.
I was going to say thank you, Zach, for giving me a break.
It was nice to rest the voice.
Here's one.
Nick D'Ambrosia, now that two thirds of the men in their 30s are childhood, have your
park going habits changed at all other than placing a high value on grass and benches?
Do you find yourselves going more or less the same?
Well, I think Mike can speak to this.
We started this before we had kids and even maybe had fully fleshed out plans to have
kids but it occurred to both of us at some point like, ah, now we can go to theme parks
and it is for work.
For work, yes.
We must, you see.
This is for our job.
With all the haunts, I had to go.
You had to.
I had to go to haunts for work.
There was no other way.
There was no other way around going to Shacktoberfest.
That's right.
I'm sorry.
I must depart you, my son.
But it's kind of at this age for me, which is three and a half by the time this comes
out, wow, I guess it's, you know, we've had really nice moments.
We've had true magic at the basic theme park because now he's been to Disney and Universal
and there is a whole new, I mean, for sure, it's what you might think where the magic
comes from some mundane, I've said it a bunch of times, but from pushing chairs around or
hitting umbrella tops or just that he sparked up, but he likes the white, the shuttle that
we take to Disneyland more than any of the Disneyland rides.
And now if I'm down there, I'm like, oh, there's the hotel with the shuttle.
It gives me this entire new layer that's very simple.
That's the opposite of the e-ticket.
And I do love that.
I guess it makes me, I don't know that I go less exactly, but like I definitely am like,
you know, it's made it more viable to like, let's go to the outlet mall with the big chess
set because there's no long security line there.
We can get out of the car and be right there and playing and not like the hassle you definitely
feel with one kid.
I can only imagine with a bunch of kids, which some listeners may have experienced what a
production it is, but genuinely, sincerely, like the way it's like lit up the simple in
theme park going has been lovely.
But as we record this, you haven't done it yet.
You know, we're not there yet.
You haven't done your first Disneyland.
Yeah.
So for sure I'm going like, look, I'm going like the old days of, hey, I'll go.
Well, first of all, there's two things working against that.
The Disney company itself preventing me from just going down on whims.
Side issue.
I don't know how to get a magic key pass.
I have no clue.
Well, it's not been on sale for months.
Yes.
And then what's happening?
This is a product that I want to buy from the company that is unavailable.
I'm getting close to now.
I haven't been like all year.
I kind of am starting to get the hankering to do it and I don't know how to go.
All they announced is they were raising the prices on them.
Great.
Maybe one day we're going to make them available soon.
Maybe they will.
I renewed it.
I renewed it right before they announced they're raising prices.
That's the only way you have to renew.
Well, I tried.
I have, there was a, my friends are coming.
They can't go on a day where my pass is viable because I have a lower pass.
And then there was, yeah, we're going to probably try to do a family trip.
And I go, I may as well just upgrade at this point.
You can't upgrade.
The passes aren't on sale.
The whole thing.
Remember when you upgraded to the one that gets you all the parks in the country?
Because it literally made financial sense.
Yeah.
You used to, I went down with you for you to see, you could go to a booth and say, I
only have California.
Can I please have Florida too?
And it took a minute, but they did it.
Now you can't upgrade in the state.
They are, it's, the company is in such disarray.
The articles about Bob Iger didn't even realize how bad a shape it was in.
He's frustrated and overwhelmed.
And what they're doing is taking the part of the company that has been doing so well
for so long and they are continually turning the heat up on everybody.
That is what their decision making right now is that everything else is doing so poorly
that what they're going to do is take the business that's good and try to get us, try
to turn the burner up so the lobster boils so much that it goes, ah, fuck it.
I don't want to do this.
I'm so annoyed.
I have a big heavy question.
Not to tangent too much.
What would you rather, because you're saying all this and I'm like, why is it happening?
Streamers, streamers, streamers are why strikes streamers have gutted everything.
What would you rather get rid of on this earth?
The streamers or social media?
Yeah.
Well, does it go, is it, is it retroactive?
Does it get rid of the streamers before all this shit?
Butterfly effect.
It's all gone.
Uh, yeah, I guess streamers.
Streamers more than social media.
Yeah.
Cause there's still some decent stuff about social media.
I don't see much of a positive in hindsight.
I guess.
Yeah, I know.
I've like built, yeah.
I mean, it made it, it makes something like this more possible to get out there.
I built my career on like YouTube videos and sharing links and stuff and I don't know if
I were, if it would have worked as traditional.
So I'm, I'm, I'm fond of social media.
I have like, I have like my space.
You know what?
Everything but my space is gone.
Back to my space.
That's what I say.
My space was a janky looked bad.
I see like, it's so funny.
Everybody's like dumb member, my space.
Look at dumb Tom.
Well, Tom didn't like destroy the fabric of the earth as much as all the other ones.
The friend ranking was a little weird and would get you into a little trouble.
Now you're having a little tips.
I know, but what a dramatic move.
Cause I had the, you know, my first, the, what led to Aaron and I, my wife hanging out
for the first time was a my space message from her.
And then like, what a dramatic move to move her from not even being in the top eight to
number one.
How great that felt.
Wow.
What a number one in my life.
It was wonderful.
That is nice.
It was a nice little message to broadcast.
Yes.
To exes perhaps, but all's more to maybe to the ex who said the thing about not being
interested in the sign.
Yes.
But mainly the magic of a number one.
That is magical.
All my exes live in nine and below.
Would Jason answer that question?
Streamers versus social media?
Streamers, social media.
I, yeah.
Yeah, I think keep social media.
Cause I feel like-
Start regulating it like years ago.
Start like doing something.
I don't know.
But like I just, a streamer says, I feel like I watch less than when I would actively make
my Netflix DVD queue.
Yeah.
You know, what would be coming the next few weeks?
I've converted, like an old man sounding theme here, but like I've just, I've gone back to
that.
Now I go to the library.
Yes.
One disc at a time.
It's nice.
It feels like Blockbuster again.
Really want to see a movie.
I figure out which library branch to go to and I get it there because inevitably if I
really want to see something, it's not streaming anywhere or it's streaming on like Starz Plus
and it's like, I'm not making a fake email to make it Starz.
This is so much extra work.
Are you the one who reserved Panic Room from one of the Burbank's?
Cause I want to watch it cause of a blank check and Eva was talking about it.
No, I'm so sorry.
It's at the area branches, haven't made it over there.
So you aren't reserved.
It says it's on hold for somebody.
I have four movies I have under the silver lake, Mission to Mars, V.I. in the candelabra.
Cause you want to watch De Palma's, what was it?
You want to watch De Palma's Bridget Spies.
No, I don't want to.
Oh yeah.
I stepped in it.
I stepped in it.
I've heard about it so much.
Griffin made a poor Griffin God in the text.
He was right.
He was right Griffin.
You were right.
Behind the candelabra and what was the fourth one?
Oh.
They have a hard copy of Behind the Candelabra.
They do.
And Jane wanted to watch cause neither of us could remember if we had seen Death Becomes
or.
I watched that really early pandemic.
That's a fucking awesome movie.
That's so fun.
Hell of a run in the 80s.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Zemeckis killing it.
Zemeckis.
All right.
Now you know Jason's what DVDs.
If you want any of those from the Burbank system, check that out.
Do we satisfy, was there anything, we got down to a tangent.
Was there anything about kids and we got mad about things instead of child enjoy?
I haven't done it and I haven't gone a lot and I was going to say it's partly cause of
the very young child and then partly cause Disney is a big pain in the ass.
But yeah, well when she gets older for sure, I think it'll definitely be more frequent
cause there's so many good options around.
So I don't know that there's a rule of thumb of like the age to, but we had just pure magic
with our kid at L through two.
Two was just like theme parks are killing it with him and it was great.
And Six Flags has those with Looney Tunes.
I thought of a dying Looney Tunes.
They've got more stuff than Universal.
Scott, let me throw this to you cause Mike, I'm assuming you haven't taken your child
to nuts yet either.
No, no, no, no.
So he said, Kevin of the Road said for the Disney daddies, what is your favorite Camp
Snoopy ride?
Well, you know, we talked about this.
I couldn't remember the name of it just to remind people.
Camp Bus.
They eliminated the one.
Is it gone?
I eventually said in an episode that Camp Bus was like a truly euphoric moment.
I plucked it randomly as something in pandemic that I wanted to do with my son and then it
like could not have gone better.
It was like delirious.
He's just like rocking his head like Wayne's World and he'd lost his mind.
It was so great, but they got rid of it.
I think that's what I saw.
Yeah.
Is there a Camp Bus kind of ride at Six Flags?
Did you look at it?
Probably.
It's a very like off the shelf.
Oh, it came up because I went to great America and they had a much lesser, like a jankier
version.
It's the exact same mechanism, clearly.
I think it was even peanuts also.
And it was not nearly the magic of Camp Bus, the magic of Knott's.
But you know what?
But of ones that are there, the balloons are really nice.
We had a really good time on them.
I remember that from like 80s commercials from Knott's Berry Farm and I'd never done
it.
And yeah, there's just like a little simple glide and a little like not a straight round
and round.
And there's kind of an inherent like 80s-ness to those balloons.
Right.
And you know, little sights to see.
Just trains.
This is making me, I need to get to Knott's again.
Yeah, you gotta get back.
I thought of this watching some Soren stuff when we were doing that episode.
You guys ever been in a hot air balloon?
No.
No.
No interest.
I haven't either.
I haven't been in one, but I'm like, boy, that'd be fun to do sometime.
They have that like control, like the downtown Disney one in Orlando.
That's a start.
Yeah.
It's not a full on, it's tethered.
Yes.
It freaks me out a little bit.
So I don't know that I'll ever do it.
Fair enough.
I think you'd get bored.
You think I'd be bored?
I think I'd be just like tense.
Tense.
Tense.
Yeah.
Anything else?
One more?
Yeah, I have one more.
Because I'll say this one because we started talking about movies.
Aaron asked, what are the PTR canon movies?
I think that's a bigger thing, but I think if we could toss out some.
Late Shift?
Late Shift is one.
Clifford?
Clifford is one, a movie that one out of three of us like.
That's the thing.
I swear to God, I think everyone needs to, I love the idea of it.
I love that we've embraced it.
I love the dinosaur world sequence.
I still think this is kind of a rough movie if we're being honest with ourselves.
That's what I said.
I watch it.
I like everybody.
Jason, I know you disagree.
I think you're fully front to back.
I'm in the Tom Sharer link.
I think it's delightful.
But then we all flipped on Country Bears.
Yeah, that goes the other way.
I wouldn't put that in a canon though, still.
I need to give it another chance.
Behind the Candelabra is, I think, in some ways.
I think so.
Well, you'll find out soon.
Behind the Candelabra is.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's not really.
What's on all of us?
We all love being the Ricardos.
Obviously.
Clearly.
A movie we all read that I the other day was like, oh, remember that movie?
I forgot about that movie.
Yeah, we did an episode about it.
Well, it's while on the Sarkin front.
I think Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.
If TV shows are allowed in the canon.
It's all the movies.
Very other than the Country Bears, all the movies we've watched on this, I feel like
we've not.
Almost all that is true.
Or maybe we need to celebrate movies more.
We almost did just scheduling wise, a bunch of other stuff was going on.
But in the wake of Olivia Newton, John's passing, I was proposing a Xanadu because that Xanadu
is pure pure joy for me.
Yeah, I like Xanadu.
That is a fantastic.
Because I got Covid that kind of threw a schedule in flux.
And I watched that movie while I had Covid and was one of the highlights of being stuck
inside.
So you're saying Xanadu was better than like shitting your brains out.
Yeah.
The movies I watched were Xanadu and The Heartbreak Kid, which is a real surreal.
Like what an odd.
Oh, I like that movie.
Yeah, it was a recent watch for me.
The original one, the original.
Of course.
Elaine May one.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know if it's not.
It's not so strong.
I feel like Back to the Future 2.
Is that just me?
Oh yeah, I like Back to the Future 2.
Back to the Future 2 is a really like.
Back to the Future 2.
What's that?
First 20 minutes.
Only?
Well, I like the rest of it, but the future stuff is the stuff.
I actually think if you watch it, I actually maybe struggle a little more with the first
20 minutes.
As a kid, I was like, this is aesthetically everything I want.
I love this weird, too silly looking 80s future.
Now like some of that's here, like what is the scheme that they're like?
Are you in or are you out?
But I love the going back to the 50s and alternate 85 so much.
But I think maybe that works as a canon.
What's that?
Trump Biff.
Yeah.
Oh, Trump Biff.
So I'm going to the Plaza Hotel, the one in Vegas by Fremont, which is Biff's Casino.
That is the top of the.
Because they just redid a lot of that, including putting feed in the ground floor of pink box
donuts.
So casino with a donut shop, fancy donut shop.
Are these all the same people that are making like the dirty sounding place like pink taco,
like are these all the same like.
I don't know.
Plush Pile Pastries.
Well, I'm starting that one.
That's a whole thing that I'm doing with what's the guy, the guy who played Wayne on the Wonder
Years.
What's his name?
What?
Harvey, Jason Hervey.
Why him?
Why?
Because he has a lot of business ventures with Eric Bischoff, professional wrestling.
Oh, the godman.
Yeah.
This is over my.
I did not know.
Jason Hervey who played.
Jason Hervey is the guy's name.
He had a lot of failed business ventures with former wrestling promoter Eric Bischoff.
Is this a new guy?
Is he a guy?
Let's put him in the pile.
He's a guy.
We'll talk about that.
Mine's another episode of failed.
Put him in the plush pile.
He's in the plush pile.
Eric Bischoff plush.
Yeah.
Well, does that does that do it?
Does that cover enough?
I think.
Let me acknowledge the question situation.
You're stuck in a room for 24 hours and you have to choose between Randy Gerber and Chucko
the Clown joining you in the room.
Which do you choose and why?
It's from Jamie Trash Fitz.
I think in 24 hours I could avoid hearing the story.
I think Randy wouldn't want anything to do with me and would just stay on his phone.
Probably.
You know, because I'm not like from Hamptons land.
So he would just like, I would just look like a bug to him.
Right.
And then speak for the 24 hours, which sounds better than being with like a piss drinking
clown.
What was that thing called?
What is he?
Yeah, the juice.
Bib juice.
Bib juice.
I like the point of their both name Randy.
Randy Runyon, of course.
I would probably, I would be too intimidated by Gerber.
So I think I would go with Chucko.
Yeah.
You could ask, but you could bond with him over his favorite band, U2.
That's true.
That's your favorite.
God, Randy.
Hey, Randy, you like the Joshua Tree?
Wow.
Wow.
Do you think like, just spit balling, do you think the Edge's guitar sounds are cool?
Boy, Randy, you are a fascinating man.
I can see why so many people talk about you so often.
That's right.
And then you tell me the briefcase story.
Cause I want to hear it.
Just stretch it out.
If you can make the story take 24 hours, take it as many as, embellish as many details as
you can.
Yeah.
Jason?
I think Chucko.
Yeah.
Why?
I feel like he, I feel like Randy Gerber would be that kind of Hamptons level square.
Like I feel like Chucko would be a little more garious, not in the clown persona.
Don't get me wrong.
Oh, you think he's going to be out of character?
Yeah, that question implies the character.
Oh, you, um.
I think.
To maybe entertaining you with the, like the horn and the rubber chicken.
Well, he's making, yeah, if he's doing that and making balloon animals.
I don't know how big the room is, but if the, if the room is small.
Four foot by four foot.
Oh boy.
Oh, then definitely it's right.
Cause Chucko just pure volume wise, that hair is going to be bigger.
He's going to have props.
That just takes up more of the space.
Randy probably smells pretty good too.
Cool, smells good.
Interesting music tastes.
Yeah.
Randy's got it all.
Chucko is really working hard, so he's probably a little sweaty.
I'm just being, this is just reality.
Come on, laugh.
Why you laughing?
Yeah.
That 50s grease paint probably stinks.
Oh, gotta stink.
Yeah.
That's invading your pores.
Something's here.
That's just, that's pure tar.
That's never coming off.
Yeah, it's Randy, I guess.
I guess it is.
Yeah, even for me, we do all agree.
Well, maybe not.
Jason's.
I guess it's Randy.
Well, logic, I guess we landed at Randy.
Well, I think that'll do it.
I think you survived podcast, the ride.
Post office.
Thanks for subscribing to the second gate.
If you want to dig even deeper, join us on our VIP Patreon tier club three, where you
more bonus episode every month and our regular episodes ad free and do in the interest of
feedback.
Let us know what, wait, I answered it a few minutes ago.
My space listeners.
All we need you to do is go backwards to my space.
That is where all future social media activity will be from podcast, the ride and don't know.
Let's all reserve the name before the episode comes out because somebody might grab it and
list which of your hosts is your favorite friend.
Oh no.
Oh, now I'm scared.
I had Lee.
I hope we at least I'll make it up.
I hope at least Oh no.
She's Shuko over me their all these years.
It's one.
This user just has a Choco's psycho.
I don't want you to listen to the show anymore.
Your door rate, you should be put behind bars.
