Forever.
Dog.
Ah, there you are.
The volunteers for our frightfully late show.
The happy hosts are beginning to materialize.
They've been backstage sucking fog.
As you leave tonight, there's a little matter we forgot to mention.
Beware of hitchhiking Valencia teens.
Now, live and live, screaming from die nasty type frighter,
it's Hot Gas the Fright Line!
Hello!
Hello!
Hello!
Hi!
It's wonderful to see you, happy Halloween.
Welcome to Hauntcast the Fright Live.
We could do an opening joke or we could get right to the costumes.
What do you say?
I think a lot needs to be explained here.
Let's start with Jason.
Wait, wait, what were the names?
Slash and Burn.
No, no, no, Slash and Burn.
Okay, okay, great.
Gag and Slash and Burn, ladies and gentlemen.
Slash and Drain.
Slash and Drain.
Gag and Slash and Drain.
Gag and Slash and Drain.
Yeah, I'm the Sleepy Time Tea Bear.
Cheers.
Hey!
Yeah.
Oh, no, yeah.
There is no character you should be playing more...
I know!
...than this bear in a night shirt.
Wow.
And if you really wanted to go full tilts, just sleep through the rest of the show.
Well, look, the hit's coming back off in a few minutes or else I'm going to pass out from me.
Or it's just going to lull me to sleep.
A lot of these costumes might need to be bailed on for various reasons.
You'll learn mine soon.
But first, Jason, can you just, can you ask me what I am?
Yeah, because I am wondering.
Scott, what are you?
I'm Nimgaloo!
Oh, now I see it.
Yes! Yes!
My dream came true, I'm Nimgaloo!
Oh, if this is a foreign language to anyone,
I've had an ongoing obsession with a character from a film that I will assuredly never see
called Epic, but I know in my heart, in my heart,
that Nimgaloo is a wise, well, caterpillar or something,
and he's played by Steven Tyler,
the great voice actor Steven Tyler.
Get well soon, Steven.
And now I'm him-a-ray!
Potential for injury very high.
Also, I don't know if the listeners can hear this as this becomes a podcast episode,
but there is a big fan that is powering this,
and that is not conducive to live show recording,
and I think I learned how to shut it off,
so I think what we'll do is just kind of slowly deflate,
and then I'll be able to sit, it's still going to be puffy, don't worry,
but then I'll be able to sit, you know, in probably like eight minutes or so.
So we'll let this linger while we question Michael Carlson.
Look at us, we got a bear, we got a wise worm.
What happened to you?
Well, I just, I wanted to sort of, you know how Benihana, they prepare the meal?
While you're at the table?
Yeah.
So that's what I'm planning on doing with my costume.
It's something that's been come up.
There's a phrase that maybe I invented, maybe I didn't,
that's been recently talked about on the show.
The phrase I'm talking about is of course plush pile.
So folks, I, for my costume, I'm going to be a plush pile
of some of the plushes that I own.
This is Casey at the Bat.
He was one at California Adventure many years ago by a friend of mine.
They make a Casey at the Bat in this century?
They did before the Pixar Pier renovation.
This is Raphael that I had when I was a six year old.
Wow. Nice.
This I won when I was 18 at Islands of Adventure.
Oh, cool.
Jason, it's Magneto.
The sacred text.
I still have the tag on him too.
It says plush toy.
Well, he fits right in.
And a couple others.
I have my original Winnie the Pooh.
Whoa.
I have Stimpy.
And then two legendary plushes from my life.
This is Pino, my first plush ever.
I didn't realize I was going to be tugging on the audience's heartstrings tonight.
And then the much-discussed Ernie doll.
Oh, cool.
Oh, interesting.
That has a ripped open crotch and looks a bit haunted.
No, don't point it at the livestream.
Don't get computer viruses.
You've cursed us all.
Okay, Robert the doll rules apply.
You have to ask Ernie if you would take a picture.
And if you take one without it, it's show of disrespect.
You're in for trouble.
Don't take a photo unless you ask.
Oh my god.
Oh, I didn't realize.
I turned to look at it and it was like I was getting kissed in the face by crotch puff.
Wow, that is torn wide open.
Oh, no.
An unfortunate seat accident.
This doll is like 37 years old.
Wow.
This is what almost happened to you on the Riddler's Revenge one time.
It's very true.
Multiple coasters at Six Flags almost destroyed my genitals.
So, yes.
But anyway, I am a plush pile tonight.
Wow, wow.
I'll try to keep this up and we'll see if it's possible.
Yeah, we'll see what happens here.
Well, yeah, this is great.
I mean, I'll have a seat when I can.
We'll see.
It'll just like distribute weight weirdly.
Let's try it.
Here we go.
Okay.
Oh, you know what?
Hey, well, I'll puff it up at the end if I can.
But look at this.
I feel like Halloween is bringing out the kid in us.
We got so much coziness here.
I'm living my dreams being in glue.
I love it.
Childhood toys.
And it's just so great to like I feel like the Halloween season is is really doing it
for us going to do a couple.
Whoa.
What?
What the hell was that?
What was that?
Get wait.
Get up here.
What was that?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
What is that thing?
There's a Minotaur.
It's a Minotaur.
It's the Minotaur.
Hide.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
The Minotaur game here.
No, you know, Minotaur, you might as well grab that mic if you want.
You know, if you're going to be up here.
Oh, my God.
No, no, no, no, no.
The Minotaur found Michael Carlson.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Geez.
This is a big surprise.
Big fan.
Big fan.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks, buddy.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Michael Carlson, though.
What?
We have some unfinished business.
That's true.
We do.
Oh, my God.
This doesn't concern me, so I'm just going to chill.
Yeah, yeah.
No, we're fine.
This has nothing to do with us.
Let me can I can I mean, I know why you're here, but let me explain for any listeners
who don't remember.
Oh, my God.
Geez.
This guy.
You are quite formidable, sir.
Can I?
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
You look a lot scarier than the version I saw after the lights were on when I didn't
do the escape room two years ago.
Hey!
Let Scott set this up.
Okay, sorry.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I need to give some context to the audience.
If you don't remember, last year in our haunt cast season, Mike had to tap out of an escape
room called Project Minotaur.
Two years ago.
And you explained it pretty fully.
I mean, I think with the problem you were having, just given like the type, the facial
restrictions and everything, the problem you were having is that you were scared shitless
of a Minotaur.
That's completely what it was.
And now he's come here to enact his revenge.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
That's right, Michael.
Last Halloween, you chickened out.
So I know you're a man of fear.
Not the man of no fear, the daredevil.
Oh, yeah, that's daredevil.
That's not Michael.
That's not Michael.
Okay.
So tonight, in front of me, your pals, and this whole audience, you must face your ultimate
fear!
Oh, my God.
Whoa, what is that?
What does that mean?
Is his fear of you the Minotaur?
No!
His fear of missing out on something.
Oh.
That's right.
Okay.
Michael, pull out your phone.
Where is it?
Do you have your phone with you?
Yeah, I have it, I have it, I have it.
Okay, I'm glad the plush pile went away.
Okay.
Do what he says, Mike.
I'm doing it.
He sends a reminder for everything, whether it be a Taco Bell coupon, a new episode of
Club Random, or a toy that you want, a Ninja Turtel.
Yeah.
Oh, the notifications.
You've got to delete one of your notifications, and I am really watching you to do it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
You have to do it for real.
For real.
The Minotaur's watching you, Mike.
But Minotaur, do you know what you're asking?
If he gets rid of one of these, Mike will only have hundreds of notifications left.
This is a real deal to have to take.
All right, all right, all right.
Here, here's what I'll do.
You just got to go to settings and then notifications.
Wait, okay, no, no, this is good.
He's got something, he's got an idea here.
What are you doing?
Okay, I've been getting a lot of notifications from an ex user named Deal Vibes.
Okay.
Okay.
I have to promise to delete it if Deal Vibes is on threads too.
Oh, wow.
You can't follow Deal Vibes on anything else.
You can't get an invite code to follow Deal Vibes anywhere.
Oh, okay.
All right, I'm watching.
Go ahead and delete it.
Now it says account notifications.
I have it on all posts.
Oh, no.
It's got to go away, big dog.
None.
And I've unfollowed it.
He did it.
Unfollowed!
Wow!
He did it.
He did it.
Well, Mike, that is so brave of you.
I just sent Jason a Deal Vibes tweet about ham two days ago.
Well, and that followed the two or three pounds of frozen meatballs you sent me.
Deal Vibes was telling us about a discount on frozen meatballs, so I guess that's out
the window.
It was out of stock by the time I looked.
Jason will be fine without the meatball deals.
I just want to say I'm going to give you an intimate moment of paternal pride.
Wow.
Mike likes those.
Whoa.
Okay.
Michael Carlson.
Yeah.
Your bravery has made me a proud, proud papa.
Oh, my God.
Your bravery will save the autobots, I mean, the Minotaurs.
Whoa!
Whoa, cool.
Thank you so much.
You are a brave little boy.
Thank you.
Go ahead and say that to the audience.
I'm the bravest little boy.
He's the bravest little boy.
Yes!
Mike, he did it!
He faced the Minotaurs!
He did it!
Give him a hug.
Hug it out.
Minotaurs.
Thank you.
Thank you, Minotaurs.
Thank you for making this right here tonight.
Really appreciate it, sir.
It's literally the least I could do.
Minotaurs, roll out!
Yay!
Give it up for the Minotaurs.
Here, this way, this way.
Minotaurs, this way.
Give it up for the Minotaurs.
Here, this way, this way.
Minotaurs.
Go hang backstage.
We'll pound some later.
Thank you so much, Minotaurs.
Bring the grinch back there.
That way, that way, that way.
Oh, God.
He's never been to the theater.
Careful on the steps.
My gosh.
The steps have been illegal.
Oh, yeah, leave that, I guess.
Oh, jeez.
Well, this is what happens.
The Minotaur really cares about property, and I like...
Yes.
Look, he has rules.
Has he found his way out yet?
Well, this is what happens when you get true surprises.
That was a big surprise.
I did not know that was coming.
Mike did not know that was coming.
It was less of a surprise to me, I would say, and to the Minotaur himself.
But wow, incredible bravery to start us off.
I think that's a great place to start because we're in the haunt season.
This is the bravest season for you.
I think you've shown a little bit of bravery out there in the world, in the world of haunts,
right?
Thank you.
Yeah, no.
As far as being brave, being a brave little boy.
But I want to...
What are you doing there?
Oh, that's the mic.
Putting the mic back.
Sorry.
Now I'm on edge.
You never know.
Now I think there's shit happening everywhere.
The audience should be, too.
There could be Minotaurs behind each and every one of you.
Yeah, so haunt...
Haunt has become my season, I think, in a lot of ways.
I remember there was an episode a couple years ago where Jason said Christmas was going to
be his season, he was going to be a little jingle bell boy or something.
Sounds like him.
But haunt season is mine.
I continue to live my truth.
But there is...
Hold on one second.
There's a guest here that we've talked about for many months.
We need to have him on the show more.
He has agreed to come.
I would like to bring him out here before we talk about anything else.
Ladies and gentlemen, does he need anything else other than just to say his name?
Anthony Geo is here.
Anthony Geo.
Wow!
Yay!
Decia.
Here he is.
Thank you.
Mike, deal vibes.
Just dropped a big one.
What?
No!
You can't.
You had to.
It's what had to be done.
Was it a meatball based deal?
It was meatball based.
You could get it with Kohl's cash.
I can't believe deal vibes was like a...
It's a thing with ham?
I thought it was going to be...
I mean, it sounds like a vape store or something.
Well, it's a frozen 10 pound ham, you see.
Deal vibes, you can get a sound bar.
They know the newest video games and also they can give you like a pound of meat.
It's just so versatile.
You did send me a deal that I bought recently, which was for $4.97 on sale.
The replica vintage Ghostbusters toy, Fearsome Flush, which is a haunted toilet.
Oh, nice.
I used to see it for years at collectible shops and I was always like, I got to get
it.
We all ate shit by the late 90s.
Yeah.
They literally did.
Jason's a sure collectible shop.
Jason owns a little toy toilet now.
Yep.
That's right.
Deal vibes also kind of sounds like Jason's Spidey sense.
Like my deal vibes.
My deal vibes.
Yeah.
So anyway, we were talking about haunts and there was a lot of discussion about what this
episode should be about.
J.O. and I spent weeks discussing it.
Just there's famous haunts, you know, and there's all these different Halloween characters
that have appeared at these haunts.
And I was saying, yeah, let's just sort of dig into the lore of something.
And then J.O. said, no.
He said, we need to do something important.
We need to go back.
Whoa.
We need to go back.
He said, we need to go back.
He said, we got to go back.
And I said, what do you mean go back?
What is that?
And he said, no, we need to go way back.
Way back.
2019.
We need to go to 2019.
It's pretty far back in a lot of ways.
Okay.
I don't remember that, but okay.
And he said, we need to go back to Valencia.
Wow.
Damn.
Ladies and gentlemen, we went back to Fright Fest.
Wow.
You are in Six Flags Fright Fest 2.
This is Six Flags Fright Fest 2.
Oh my God.
This is the Empire Strikes Back of Fright Fest episodes.
Or the Jaws 2.
This is Jaws 2 of Fright Fest.
Careful with that sequel thing.
A lot of sequels out there.
This is Attack of the Clones of Fright Fest.
This is the last Jedi of Fright Fest.
I know.
I know.
So we did it.
We went back.
We went back.
We went back.
And not much has changed.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yeah.
So what's interesting is you go back and listen to old episodes,
because I want to make sure we weren't recovering things we've said before or whatever.
And the number one thing I learned today when I was re-listening to this episode we've done,
which Gio and I went in 2019 to Fright Fest, is that Jason said in 2019 that he wishes a roller coaster would crush his genitals,
because it would make his life easier.
I think he said destroy my genitals.
I had forgotten that.
That might be the funniest thing I'd ever heard.
But he said it.
That's okay.
In the earlier show tonight, I was begging the bride from the Haunted Mansion to cut my head off.
So some things never change.
Jason is the kinkiest member of the podcast.
Yeah.
I'll drop these...
There's these phrases that feel researched.
Jason and I say this word in a good way, is the freak of podcasts, the ride.
You know they're wrong with being a little free.
Real quick, I did go to the sphere.
I'm not going to talk about it, but we'll talk about it later.
And they did not do Freak Like Me.
They didn't do their first ever full band rendition.
No.
Well, did they do Boyfriars from the Sky?
No.
No, they didn't.
Anyway, so we went back to Fright Fest and...
I should explain.
That's why I'm dressed this way.
Oh yeah, please.
So my costume is...
I'm wearing a Taz and Bug shirt that says, Kicking It Old School.
They're wearing backwards jeans.
They're kind of dressed like crisscross.
This is not licensed.
There's no way this is licensed.
And then I'm wearing some pajama pants.
And I'll say, this is essentially the official uniform of anyone at Six Flags.
Employee or guest, right?
There are so many people walking around in pajama pants.
So I just thought I'd say that for the listener.
So he's in the mood.
He's in the festive mood of Six Flags.
How to start the stories that we experienced...
Let me just say this first.
I lost my driver's license and debit card at Six Flags.
Hang on, hang on.
You lost your driver's license, debit card, and insurance card.
That is all true.
I kept saying to Gio, it feels like I did this on purpose, but I did not.
This is a pain in the ass.
No, no. We'll get to it.
We'll get to it.
But I wanted to start with maybe the hottest topic.
Is that we were enjoying a very tall alien at Fright Fest.
And then I go to Gio, I go, my driver's license is missing.
You saw the alien and you were scared.
And I was like, oh, he's scared of the alien.
And then I said, and this is...
We'll get to it.
But I said, it smells like there's gas leaking.
Because in the area where the alien was, near the DJ, there was a gas leak.
What if that's just what the tall alien smells like?
That's a nice smell on his planet.
So here's the tall alien.
Yes.
By the way, this guy rules.
Awesome.
And he was on stilts.
First of all, there were so many people on stilts at Fright Fest.
I thought, you know, maybe being on stilts is actually easy.
Because there's so many people that do it.
And not concerned when children were around.
It wasn't like a...
I used to think that must be so hard to learn.
And then I was like, you know what?
I could be on stilts.
I could probably do it.
I think I could be on stilts.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But then I was like, I'm not sure.
Yeah.
But they were fantastic.
I mean, we'll get to it.
But yes, yeah, Mike Lost is a social security guard.
His birth certificate.
What if this isn't Mike?
This is a stolen identity sitting here.
It's possible.
Mike, can you bring up that picture I sent you?
So this alien, I'm assuming, was in the entertainment area called Invasion.
It was like an alien-themed area.
Can I ask, did any of the Six Flags aliens say, take me to your dealer?
Like the classic weed-smoking green alien.
Some of the dads did, for sure.
I do think we smelled weed quite a bit at Six Flags.
I'm so sorry.
If you weren't smelling natural gas, you were smelling weed.
I was smelling weed.
OK, so you wanted to maybe start to go chronologically?
We can go back.
So we won't get to that point, because that was kind of a turning point.
Yeah, that was sort of mid-trip.
I've got everything back, but it was a real pain.
You've got to go to the DMV.
It's a hole.
First you've got to go to the Six Flags Lost and Found.
So, well, we did.
We'll go there.
And a reliable place, surely.
Very little found.
So, OK.
This is like a great teaser.
You start in the middle and then you go back.
So, yeah, we made the journey up to Valencia.
And it was weird because there were no storms in the forecast,
but the clouds were just ominous, sort of going up.
So that was on our way out of Burbank toward Valencia.
And I was like, what's going on in Valencia?
And then I checked the weather.
And it was clear.
It was like God was like, turn back now.
There was something biblical about it.
It was pooled alien gas.
And then like this, I turn and I go, is that one of the roller coasters?
I mean, we were like 10 miles from it, but still.
Right.
It might as well be.
You just fall off the end.
Yeah.
Into a hole.
So I should say, very nice of them to invite us.
That's right.
They didn't listen to the first one.
I don't know.
Oh my God.
We shouldn't be allowed.
We shouldn't be invited.
I mean, I do love the place.
I do too.
We had a better time than the first time.
I would say that.
It was smooth.
Well, no, Mike did lose a lot, but.
You had a better time, but you lost all of your ID.
Wow.
So I don't know how well you remember an old, many years ago episode.
So I still have my same plug-in car.
I got an electric car right before doing the Six Flags trip.
And before they directed me to plug it in near what was basically like.
It was a fucking shack.
It was an in-ground trip.
It was like when your school was doing construction growing up.
And they bought some in-ground trailers.
Yes.
To do music class in.
Yes.
So that would be like an auxiliary building off the school.
And so I'm like, I wonder what's going to happen this time.
I wonder if they've upgraded the EV charging.
And we got to the booth and I excitedly asked, do you have EV charging?
And they said, yes.
We have four.
Three or four?
Four spaces for you to charge in.
And I was like, we were elated.
We were like, boy, they're up.
Maybe this is going to be a whole different situation.
We're going to take all four.
I'm going to park vertically and then I'll plug one here, plug one in the tailpipe.
Plug one in another part of a car because I don't quite know how cars work.
Put one in your mouth.
And I'll just drink the electricity.
Like it was Fog Juice.
So we did not have to park by the shack.
It was nearly impossible to get to the actual charging stations because there were so many cones blocking the one parking lot that had it.
Well, also there were four trucks parked in the spots that weren't electric.
We looped around the parking lot three times.
Yes.
The full circumference of the parking lot.
Which is roughly 10 square miles.
We're running late for the media event.
And I'm like, we got to get to the full throttle bar.
Because the full throttle bar again is where the media event takes place.
Mike was like, I have to get to that.
I don't know if I was.
I do think it's fair to say that there was no time where Gio ever uttered, I need to get to the full throttle bar.
So that's true.
But then we found an employee and this would kind of set the bar because if you remember last time, it was fully staffed with teens.
Yes.
And almost none of the teens knew anything.
No.
I will say we found many adults who were helpful.
So that, I mean, this is like breaking news, right?
Six Flags employs adults now.
And it immediately was different because when you talk to an adult, they understand what.
Why?
And so we asked her, she was in the parking lot, one of the attendants, you know, where's the electric parking?
And she said, oh, well, it's over there.
And she goes, there's four spots.
And then she leaned in and she goes, one's broken.
So there's only three, technically only three.
And then she goes, oh, okay.
And then we go, do we have to go back around?
And she goes, no, just go and find a spot.
So adult, but very teen like energy.
But helpful teen energy.
Yes.
Here's my little message of hope.
What if the helpful adults were the teens from four years ago and they've grown up and they've learned?
Wow.
That's our show.
Beautiful.
That is beautiful.
And I'd like to think that is true.
They learned the hard fought lessons, not that the pandemic taught everyone that, oh shit, Six Flags caught the, you can eat food here every day pass.
Oh, yes.
So now.
Right.
That's true.
Got a hard scrabble world out there.
You know.
Right.
I just got a daily vibes that says you can do that.
What?
I'm missing everything.
You can take up residence at Six Flags.
If you can fit in a locker, you can spend the night.
Okay.
So she was very helpful.
Very helpful.
Yeah.
She said, yeah, go ahead.
And she kind of just was like, yeah, whatever.
Yeah.
She said, because people are leaving right now.
Yes.
Go ahead and take a spot.
But then she did kind of point us toward the open spots, but they were all one way.
So we were kind of going head on.
We were pissing people off.
But people weren't happy we were going the wrong way.
She told us to break the rules.
She did.
She did.
Yeah.
We would never have done it without her.
But it honestly saved us because the place they wanted us to park was like the farthest
parking lot in the gravel way past all the different deer blinds that they have sitting
in those parking lots.
Do you have a photo of the...
I don't have a photo of the deer.
Jason, in the first episode, named them deer blinds.
But they're almost like sniper towers.
They're like sniper towers that sit every 50 yards in this massive lot.
And there are just sleepy teens in them.
And I can't imagine, even if they saw something that they needed to do something about, what
do they do?
Do they like light a lantern and then like another one lights a lantern and then another
one does and eventually that reaches the CEO of Six Flags and he calls the cops?
Or he has like a fog horn or he like rings the bell in like a bell tower or a big horn.
Yes.
Right.
And then the strongest team comes out.
Well, the fog horn alerts fog horn leg horn.
I say I'll take care of this one.
And he can, he doesn't have to do a lot of heavy lifting.
He can intimidate people just by looks because he is falling apart.
Rotting fog horn leg horn.
So you're saying he's like a statue at a Six Flags version of fog horn.
Yeah, it's a costume.
It's a fur costume.
But it was made when Clinton was in office.
You know, it's funny you say that you're not wrong.
There are no walk around characters.
And then even the stuffed stuffed plushie plushies.
You could call them plushies if you want.
You know, you'll see they have more Mario Super Mario stuff than they do.
Like Bugs Bunny.
Oh, OK.
That's funny.
So you bring this up.
We're looking at one of these like claw machine things and it's all Mario and Luigi.
And he says, man, I don't know.
He goes, I don't know.
Why isn't this just filled with bugs?
And I thought he meant literal bugs.
And I answered in the most nonchalant way, yeah, I don't know.
And then to Mike's credit, his identity had been stolen at this moment.
So he was just sort of literally was getting to us.
Yeah.
So CalGas was like monitoring our symptoms.
Ah.
OK.
So we're in the car.
We parked.
This is going to take four fucking hours.
Buckle up.
So I am so, I'm like the full throttle part of the media event, the full throttle bar,
it's going to be over in 20 minutes.
I got to get there.
I got to get there.
So I'm being probably embarrassing.
I don't know.
You can tell me what I was doing.
No, no, no, no.
It was the fastest I've ever seen you.
I.
Yeah, it was going full throttle.
Oh, yeah.
You were, you were hauling ass like because there was a point where we were sort of like
kind of doing the run walk.
Well, you took off.
I was like, damn, Mike's pretty quick.
Let me say this.
And I don't want to I'm thrilled you're on the show, but you went back to the car twice.
I did.
I had to go back because I forgot a couple of things.
Don't you remember even why I was just seeing red?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I was like, we are going to miss the whole part, the whole full throttle experience.
Yes, you were.
I can't remember why I went back twice.
Probably to make sure it was.
I guess I appreciate that.
I can't remember.
Yeah.
So that we I can't wait to now to then now learn what is in the full throttle bar.
Oh, well.
Well, you soon you will find out.
Mike's kitchen now has a third glass.
So the first time we did this, yeah, this this lounge, they gave you a free
a plastic skull glass that was filled with like a dreamsicle milkshake.
Let's just say the budget has been cut a little bit
from the media event, which is fine.
I'm not whatever.
But it's not quite the spread it used to be.
So we run into the park.
I find an employee and I incorrectly say the name of the place we're going.
I say, where's the full throttle lounge?
And the guy looks to me completely befuddled and he goes, well, there's a
he's looking around.
He goes, a full throttle bar over there.
All right.
Probably.
And I go, I think it's the same one.
I don't think there's a bar and a lounge.
So luckily, it was the full.
In case you don't know, the full throttle bar
is close to the entrance of Six Flags.
So we made it over there pretty quick, pretty quick.
And we did get slow down a little metal detectors.
We did. Yes. So there are metal detectors you go through and whatnot.
And then Mike's metal detector went off and the teen said, walk through again.
And then it didn't go off and he goes, all right, you're good.
And Mike almost was like, are you sure?
Yeah, but I was so normally I would.
Yeah, I would have tried to clarify, but we were in a rush.
So is that between the passes?
Is that when your wallet was pickpocketed?
I don't think so, because I think I had to show my.
No, I didn't have to show my ID anywhere to get into Six Flags.
Papers, papers, please.
I think I know where I lost it.
I think I know. I think it was by the tall alien.
It was by the gas. It was by the gas. And by the gas.
Yeah. OK.
One of those no good stilt walkers.
They're distracting.
I think I know where I lost it.
One of those no good stilt walkers.
They're distracting. You think they're cool and they're grabbing all your shit.
That's true.
Well, there's another person under them.
Oh.
And that's like opening up their little alien trench coat.
What you think is a knee is a hand.
Yeah. So if you're not familiar with the geography of Six Flags or this is the
this is the full throttle bar, sports bar.
FT.
No need to have the full name there.
You know, shorthand.
I mean, some might say you want to you might want to reprint the sign.
Yeah. Center the poster and the text on it.
But fix the warping wood that surrounds it.
That HP inkjet ran out of ink a long time ago.
During the print.
Yep.
Is that a that's not a cockroach in the bottom left, is it?
Yes, it is.
It is a I think it is a bug.
Yeah, I think that is.
I do think it's a bug.
You got your wish.
It is full of bugs.
How did it get out of the clog?
Oh my God.
OK, so Mike, you you went in.
So we so we we kind of have a diversion here.
Yeah. You go in.
Why don't you tell what happened when you were in there?
And I'll I'll say what would have been pretty.
Oh, so OK. Yeah.
Previously, a couple of years ago when we did it, there was there was like many tables
and there were a lot of different items you could get.
And this year it was a little pared down.
You could get Skeratia wings.
OK. And this is what the table looked like when I was there.
It was like one plate with two wings on it.
Now, look, was this the most opportunistic photo of all time?
As far as in between periods where no one had like loaded more wings onto this table?
Probably.
But the rest of the table just black.
There's no other. It's just tablecloth and crumbs.
There's nothing on the red note.
Whatever the sign is on the right, there is no food that aligns with the sign.
I think you sent me this photo with no context.
And you probably Jason, when I sent you this photo, did your tummy get a little rumbly?
I mean, I got a little scared, but then my tummy got rumbly.
So, yeah, they had a couple wings to eat.
They had these dirt cups, graveyard pudding.
And then they had a couple drinks.
They had a couple cocktails, Devil's Punch and Demon Lure.
And I had a Devil's Punch, which was basically like a sugar drink, which I liked.
Graveyard pudding, by the way, is probably the worst thing I've ever heard call, I mean, worms and dirt.
And I'm like, yeah, that doesn't sound great, but I know it from being a kid.
But graveyard pudding feels like you want to do another draft on that one.
It's like our cemetery is on a flood plain.
The old groundskeeper is like, we got the graveyard pudding, it's loose.
Get the snowshoes.
We got to wait for the winter season for a graveyard pudding to shore up.
We just put it on the river because at that point you can't tell who's who.
Just throw some sandbags around it.
So I was in there and I was like, I got to get Gio some graveyard pudding.
And I brought two graveyard puddings out.
He came out, I wasn't looking at him, he goes, Gio.
And I said, no.
He would not eat the graveyard pudding.
And I didn't know its name at the time.
It was, the graveyard pudding was like chocolate pudding with like stale Oreos on top.
And worms.
And there were some worms involved.
One or two.
So I ended up just eating the stale Oreos off both graveyard puddings and then throwing.
With your tongue?
Yeah.
I tongue the Oreos.
Tongue and stale Oreo.
Yeah.
So Mike goes inside and he's at the table and whatnot.
And I'm kind of just hovering outside.
I was like, well, I'm going to do a lap because there's a little bit of time and stuff.
So I do a lap around full throttle.
Do you have a picture of the drain by Jim?
I do, yes.
Okay.
So this is not, someone did not throw up.
So that's not a throw up.
But this is, I think this is devil's blood.
Devil's punch.
Devil's punch.
The devil's punch.
Because someone came out of full throttle while you were in there and I was standing
outside, took a sip and said, oh, this tastes like shit.
And then threw it into the drain.
Boosh.
Touchdown.
That is such an aggressive spill.
Yeah.
He really spiked it down.
He threw it down.
Did he get high fived by anyone after?
Well, he may have been inspired to spike because inside the full throttle bar, bar, bar, bar,
there was a plaque of the Raiders, which tout we love because the Raiders have not been
in Los Angeles for decades.
And this is one of the only things on the wall.
The Oakland, every theme park in Southern California still has a lot of Oakland Raiders
merch.
Yes.
Which I've been told is not the way to say.
Like a dress.
In case, the City Walk Saga theme says Oakland Raiders merch.
Okay.
That's not what sports people call.
What do they call it?
Parafinalia?
Odds and ends?
I don't remember actually.
Oh, okay.
Who pointed this out to you?
And also this is the most micro canceling I've ever heard.
I was listening to the theme song of your 19 part mall thing.
I don't remember, but somebody thought that was really funny that we referred to it as
merch.
Anyway.
Oakland Raiders are everywhere.
Yes.
Yes.
So I do my lap.
And my lap is around the Full Throttle Bar and I get to the back of the bar.
And this is around the place where last time I saw the dad tell his son to watch your brother
have to take a shit.
That was in 2019.
Okay.
Things are different now.
You can't just say that.
It's a different time.
You bring your kids into the bathrooms.
I have to shit wait here.
And so I make my way around and I see, I made a little note of this.
There's an audio, I should say there's an audio loop happening as I'm walking and it
says warning.
The park is about to be infested with demons, ghouls and ghosts.
It's like giving this like five minutes on a loop and then running into that same audio
queue is, if you want to smoke, please go to the designated smoking areas.
And as I do my loop, I see one of the designated smoking areas, which I thought as I was turning
the corner, oh, the fog machines are on now.
No.
No.
People are like cigarettes are alive and well.
People are letting it rip.
And it's like just, it's basically just like a little concrete semi circle like this where
you've like, that's where you have to like sit.
And there's a little, there's like a little line that you can't cross.
So I walked past them and I got a little sad.
I got a little sad as I walked past them.
And then I make my way back around the other side of the full throttle bar.
And I'm now in what I'll describe as just like a children's Bugs Bunny Looney Tunes land.
Yes.
Right.
There's like Bugs House and I think that's it.
But that's what's happening.
And I'm coming up and I'm as I'm walking up, there's a teen with his back to me and he's
kind of guarding the area like guarding Bugs's area.
And a guy is walking towards him.
So now I'm walking past his back, a guy is walking towards him.
And the teen says to the guy trying to walk into Bugs's area, hey, sorry, you can't, this
area is restricted.
And the guy goes, well, how did he get back here?
And points at me and I simply just walked around the building.
And the teen looks at me, looks back at the guy and goes, damn, I don't know.
So the opsec doesn't seem great at Six Flags between the damn I don't know and the like,
oh, you can come to the mountain texture.
Yeah, yeah, that's fine.
He didn't yell at you to leave though.
No, he didn't.
He I just kept walking and he didn't even ask like, sir, sir, any.
There was no attempt.
And then the guy was not allowed back to smoke.
I guess I guess I could have been like, hey, you can just walk around the other side.
But at that point, I was seeing a man dump the drink into the.
So this is OK.
So let's let's jump around a little bit.
So what's interesting about the Looney Tunes area, which is the kid area of Six Flags,
and it's like not says a kid area and it's all kid rides and it's very Looney Tunes heavy.
And it nots you walk kind of through the Snoopy area, but it's not they don't like use it for the haunt.
I see. Just kind of darkened.
Yeah. So like you really can't you probably might not even be able to tell it Six Flags.
They do a weird thing where they just throw like a harsh red light on everything.
So so this is what he was guarding.
He was like guarding the prep of the red lights for on Looney Tunes Lodge.
So that was for the listener.
That was like all smiling characters, but just lit red.
Basically, since the Looney Tunes, the rides aren't running, the Looney Tunes aren't around.
It really feels like they died.
Like it feels like something bad happened to the Looney Tunes because it's like lit.
If the signs weren't lit at all, I guess you go, OK, well, yeah, if you really squint, you can see.
But it's like there's such a sinister vibe in this area because you're getting scares from like it was like this is a clown area or something.
And that's me in the picture. I do look startled.
Now, what's interesting, we've talked about this before on the show is that in the daytime, you can go into Bugs Bunny's house.
And odd little creepy like the rooms were like priests live.
Yeah, yes.
Somebody who's taken a vow of celibacy lives in this room.
Like the unfinished big short houses where Steve Carell is like, what's going on?
What's here?
And we happened upon like a group of teens.
So this is what it looks like.
This is where Bugs goes to self flagellate.
Oh, cool. They got the Texas Chainsaw Massacre license this year.
And I had like a blurry photo, but I don't have it on here.
So we ran in. So this is we come up and all of a sudden we see we see teens that don't work there in Bugs's house.
And they're being bad.
Swearing. Oh, yeah. Discussing PG-13 sexuality.
They're they are. They're on.
They're climbing on top of Bugs fridge.
Two teen boys are sitting on top of Bugs's fridge and some girls taking a photo of them.
And as soon as we walked by, I don't think because of us, they left.
But it felt like maybe that's why.
Because they take the photo on Bugs's fridge and they jump down and they leave.
They got a deal vibe of like these nerds are here.
These older men, they were doing in the photo. It was pretty naughty, Mike.
What were they doing? Double middle fingers on top of Bugs fridge.
No, no. Yes.
They were an American icon.
Not on my watch.
They were four and a half feet in the air doing double deuces.
I don't know about that.
Do you call giving the middle finger a deuce?
Is that one of the things?
I don't know. It's past my bedtime.
It really is that I get to keep looking over and every time I look at you, I forget that you were the sleepy time bear.
And I have like the point of view from the tea box.
Like, wow.
Wow.
Starstruck. I'm starstruck.
I'll tell you this. This is a lot better than the last NPM show we did where I was eating the carcinogen candy.
Oh my God.
Shaving weeks off my life every time I completed a loop.
Oh yes. Just sadly gnawing on a candy thong.
Like mashing it like a horse.
Wow. So yeah, these teens were being bad.
But I did think it was an interesting choice to keep Bugs' house lit up like this.
Because everything else is red and then Bugs' house is lit like a normal night.
Well, I will say this is still very scary.
Maybe the scariest. I wasn't there. It might be the scariest thing I've seen so far.
Well, like what is on his wall? Are those roots coming into the house?
But isn't it above ground? There's no trees.
Yeah, he's a remedy burrows underground. Thank you.
So you enter a underground world essentially.
I mean the fridge almost looks like Flintstones-ish.
What does it look like on the outside?
It's not a big carrot, is it?
Oh shit, he might live in a big carrot.
That's what I'm questioning. Where do the roots come from if it's a big carrot?
Someone new up here.
Yeah, Mr. Smartypants.
We're all lost now.
Everyone will be put on the spot tonight.
Yes, so yeah, that's either a root or a fucking fossil or something.
But okay, so yes, that was that kind of children's area that they just threw a red light on.
That was the red light district of Six Flags.
Oh no.
Okay, Mike, so I'm sure you want to go in it?
Whatever you got is good.
So I heard the audio loop and I met you and you said you got me a pudding cup and I said no.
Refused to eat it, yeah.
Yes.
And then I started to, so it was getting towards a time of, so I had mentioned they're doing this countdown.
Attention to park goers, demons.
They're kind of getting up towards like the fright fest boundary.
And I'm like, oh, it's getting later, it's getting dark.
And there are still a lot of little kids here.
Yeah, yeah.
And so at that point I said, Mike, I'm going to start an infant count.
Because I was really curious how many kids were going to stay for this.
Young kids.
Okay, so when I say infant count, they are in a stroller or one of these wagons you can rent.
And they can't walk far on their own.
Well, look, the under three crowd, they love the conjuring universe.
They like Bluey, they like Annabelle the haunted doll.
They were very sad to hear about the houses that weren't open on opening night.
So there were a lot of infants.
I'll just say my infant count total by the, so I started like around what, 730?
I saw my last infant at 1130.
My total count was 18.
The one at 1130 was going into the park as we were leaving.
Because I go, I said 17.
And then I go, oh, no, 18.
As we were walking out.
Okay, so then we head towards the opening ceremony.
Yes, and they do sort of, all the haunts do sort of an opening of the haunt, which is a fun thing.
And this one, similar to the one I think a couple years ago, where it was just they do a countdown and it feels like a warning.
And then they unleash all the monsters, people on stilts.
So this is in the DC area where they do this.
And there's a lot of, would you say generic clowns?
Yeah, I kept saying, is that Joker's son?
Because I don't know much about, like these guys know like this stuff.
And I'm like, is that Joker?
And Mike's like, that's not Joker.
I was like, they have the license to Joker.
Why didn't they just make it Joker?
Like this is, they use this, they use this image a lot around the park.
And there are a lot of the scare actors that do look like this.
This looks like the Joker.
It looks kind of the Joker.
It's like, it's got the ha ha.
It's like Jane Leno the Joker.
Yeah.
You know what?
It looks a little more like Flabber from Big Bad Beetleborgs.
And written on his hair, it says ha ha, which is what you say when you watch Jane Leno.
That's true.
You all say.
Do you hear about this gas leak?
So yeah, a lot of the scare actors are clowns, which makes sense.
Obviously, Haunt has evil clowns.
But they're very much, to us, I think, suggesting that they're related to Joker and DC Universe without saying it.
Yes.
Because I suspect they don't have full license to make.
It has to be.
It has to be.
Because it's right by their Batmobile for the Batman coaster.
Yes.
Where like, there's all these clowns up to mischief.
But then there's pictures of Harley Quinn nearby to suggest in the park goers' mind.
I heard some guy say, Joker, can I have a picture?
So I mean, people, I think like it's kind of working.
I think it does work, yes, because of how Jokerish these performers are.
But I think in the eyes of David Zaslav, they are unrelated.
Yeah.
No, but in Halloween season, we celebrate the monsters.
Cheers, Zaslav.
That's who gets the final lantern of the Six Flags.
And then he gets it, and then he's like, he takes a piece of IP and throws it in his fireplace.
Here's a photo of us with...
Damn.
Yes, that's a great... Ooh, that's a really gross photo.
Yeah.
So in that photo, you see the logo.
So you see this all over the park, and it says, Snickers Presents.
And this really bugged me the entire night because there are no Snickers available.
You would think of Snickers as the main sponsor.
There would be Snickers everywhere.
You could buy a Snickers, or you could get a frozen Snickers from a cart.
There are no... We had to look so hard to find the Snickers.
The Snickers were buried under other candy bars in a little shop.
There was one candy shop we found, and then we were scouring them to find it.
And then in the very right, there was a couple Snickers bars.
But you would think, yeah, they would be plentiful.
You could put a fun-sized one in Graveyard Pudding.
Yes.
Done and done. Yes.
That's the body that's buried.
It's a little Snicker corpse.
But yes, Snickers seemingly has been around with Six Flags forever.
They must have signed a deal decades ago.
I can't... And they put $5,000 a year or something.
They forgot. It's not big enough to show up on a spreadsheet.
Not their concern.
There's a direct deposit from Snickers.
And no one is noticing.
That's still on AutoPay? Oh my God.
I'm not going to say anything.
Did you say anything?
There's so much Snickers everywhere.
And barely any actual bars.
But no available Snickers.
I think here's the time, and this is going to sound like I'm being ungrateful, and I'm not.
But part of getting a pass to go is that generally you get to skip a line so you get to experience everything.
This was not the case for Press Day.
There were two mazes we were allowed to skip the line for.
The other mazes we were allowed to be in a different line that was faster than the regular line.
And then we were not allowed to skip the lines on any of the roller coasters.
And the park was packed.
So we didn't get to do any roller coasters the whole time because of how much... we had to get to the mazes.
Yes. I'll also say most of the roller coasters were broken.
They were not working.
So it was creating... there was nowhere for people to go but the mazes.
Missing track. Car just taking off. It broke.
Well, we did see a breakdown in front of us.
I saw a roller coaster... was it when you were in Willoughby's?
I think so.
So a coaster broke down going up the lift.
Oh yeah, I saw it too.
And a teen climbed the tiny staircase that runs parallel to the roller coaster track.
And there's people locked in, looking up.
And a few of them are going, I want off. I want off. I want off.
And the teen's not acknowledging them.
And the teen kind of comes down to the front of the car and kind of looks at it.
And kind of gives it a little... I'm not making this... gives it a little kick and stuff.
And something does something but nothing...
It was sort of on a lift hill.
It was on a lift hill off of the little staircase.
And then gives a thumbs up down to the control center.
And the thing started back up again.
And you know how when you're in a park and people are going up and they're excited and there's a little bit of giddiness?
I've never heard a more quiet roller coaster.
As they ascended and went.
They're just quietly saying the Hail Mary.
And then I said to you, I go, I don't care what's running today, I'm not getting on a roller coaster.
You really did not want to go on a roller coaster.
I just watched someone kick start a fucking car.
Because when we went the first time, we went on Twisted Colossus and it crushed my genitals.
And it made us feel like we were going to die.
And I did want to go on it but we would go over to the coaster and it was like an hour wait.
So it was literally like we can either do the mazes, which is what this event is for, or go.
So I'll say this right now, I do propose that we have to go back and do the coasters on a different episode.
I would like Fright Fest as far as, this is a franchise now obviously.
But it's going to have to, you know.
Snickers presents.
Snickers presents Fright Fest.
It's going to have to split off into its own sub-episode.
Well also, you know what I'm always saying, you got to experience the queue.
You can't skip the queue.
Well for Justice League that's true.
So we didn't, yeah, did not do any coasters.
I wanted to do Batman or Riddler's Revenge but we just literally didn't have time.
Right, right.
Okay, so the ceremony opened.
So the opening ceremony was beautiful.
It was great.
I mean it's really, I joke.
They did a great job.
I'll say like they really, they like, everyone's trying really hard.
They're putting a lot of effort in.
We love the effort.
It's like Six Flags is holding these people back in a way.
The Six Flags, yes I agree.
The Six Flags corporation itself is the issue.
It's not the performers.
And again, thank you for the tickets.
But that said.
Well I Googled as we were sitting here because I was trying to find the quote that the newer CEO said like,
we want to change your image.
We don't want to just be like a babysitter park where people drop off their kids.
And I couldn't find that but the second result immediately I found was firing a Six Flags CEO, change.org petition.
How many people have signed on?
1,434.
That's not very many.
They're trying to get to 1,500.
So far they haven't gotten there yet.
What does it say on there?
What's the reasoning for them wanting the CEO fired?
Given the current state of the Six Flags chain.
As a bonus to the radically different state five years ago.
In regards to his comments on the recent earnings call where he stated the guests were of the quote Kmart and Walmart category.
Jesus.
Well yeah, let's fire him in.
Let's sign the petition.
We're looking for the big lots and target crowd.
Put our names on that petition.
Jason pass that around so we can sign it.
And Zaslov cackled as he said he loved it.
Putting down his customers, how very rude.
But like all the photos that we've looked at like Walmarts and Kmarts are cleaner.
Yeah.
They're like full on grocery stores.
Yes.
You can find us Snickers at a Walmart.
I would hope.
There's like two Kmarts left and they're like, oh yeah.
I would hope.
There's like two Kmarts left and they look like they're functioning better.
Yes.
The snicker-less zone presented by Snickers.
The scariest concept of all.
What if all the Snickers disappeared?
We're going to get to the mazes but this brings up.
This brings up, okay, I joined a couple Facebook groups.
That are devoted to Six Flags Magic Mountain.
And a lot of like it's interesting because there's a lot of factions involved in these groups.
Some are very like goofing on Six Flags and some are like very defensive of it.
Like, you know, trying to say like, oh, there's great scare actors and the makeup people are great.
And that's probably all very valid and true.
And then you will get sort of a peek into controversies that are happening in the annual pass holder community.
And the big one that I noticed was there's an issue with the VIP lounge.
Apparently there is a tier of annual pass at Six Flags that on the website promised you access to a VIP lounge.
The Coca-Cola VIP lounge.
The Coca-Cola VIP lounge.
And all of a sudden in the last couple weeks Six Flags changed their policy.
And now you have to pay $11 to get in the VIP lounge.
And people are fucking furious.
Which I understand. It makes a lot of sense.
So we had to check out what the VIP lounge was.
Yes. Okay, so this is outside.
Yeah.
Well, we got a lot of amenities here.
So we have a lot of amenities here.
So outside, yeah.
Well, we got a lot of amenities here.
Wait, the first one, the first one, in and out access.
So not only can you go in, you can leave as well.
Door functionality.
You're allowed to leave.
I know a lot of you thought you'd be able to go in and not come out.
I know people on the Facebook group are saying this is hell.
Don't worry everyone, Hotel California rules do not apply here.
Okay, so it reads, you know, for the listener, comfortable seating areas, massage chairs,
charging ports, video games, foosball table, free drinks and snacks.
Free they say, however, not anymore.
So not anymore, you have to pay $11 to get in.
First thing we noticed looking in, because Mike was like, maybe I'll do it.
And I was like, well, let's just like peek inside first.
And we peeked inside. Do we have a photo of that? Yes.
It's rough.
Scratched up window.
It's got like a Boys and Girls Club rec room energy to it.
Yes. A lot of stray wires.
Yes. It really looks like those memes of a picture of a nearly empty apartment.
And there's a flat screen TV and a dirty recliner.
It says, when men live alone.
Yes. 100%. So that's the...
That's the gaming house.
Gaming house.
Okay. So the first thing you'll notice in this picture, and I'll describe it.
So this is the gaming house. We're taking this from the outside in.
We didn't know if you could go in, you could come out at this point.
And there are one TV, and I watched this happening because there were a couple of teens in there.
One of them left their backpack, which is sitting on the ground there.
Their mom was not happy about that.
There were a lot of teens lingering here.
Yes. And it was the most teen presence I felt the whole night.
Heavy teen energy in this area.
And so the TV on the left definitely didn't work because the kids said so.
And the TV on the right, the Xbox was busted.
It was just on a loop trying to connect.
Nothing's on.
Yeah. Nothing's on. Also, the sign said there was a foosball table.
There was no foosball table.
We looked up and down for the foosball table.
That's the type of game they had.
If you could turn the Xbox on.
Foosball table, the video game.
Which is not available today.
I will say this.
I don't have a good photo of it, but they did have cookies and Sprite.
So you could get cookies and Sprite in there.
I'm listening.
Sleepy time bear is awake.
He's out of hibernation.
I go up to the person working, the lounge, and I said, oh, how much is it to get in?
And they said, well, it's $11 if you have the annual pass, or if you don't, it's $22.
And I was like, no, thanks. Thank you.
So we did not go in.
I guess we should have to get the free Sprite and cookie.
But it would be the most expensive Sprite ever procured.
Yeah. In hindsight, I think we should have. I should have at least done it.
Next time, I will spend the $22 to see.
Like, could you just clear out the Sprite in a garbage bag?
Like, they call it the Jason Sheridan.
Load up.
Bring a ForceFlex Glad bag with you.
Yeah, you got to get a sturdy...
Oh, you got to get ForceFlex.
Jason's preferred type of garbage bag.
Yeah.
I think maybe, yeah, if you had a ton of kids to feed, and maybe you could do it.
Yeah, maybe that's the new hack.
That could be.
Because it used to be you get the annual pass with the food plan, and you could eat every meal there.
And now you just go into the VIP lounge.
Get a sack of cans.
Maybe that's where Bugs is living now.
Okay, so that way we won't pass there.
You know what, I have something to say.
Once in a while you said, and then we'll get to the mazes.
I do not really care if you get to the mazes.
I hope there's like five more lounges to discuss.
I'm all about lounges.
There was, okay...
I want to hear a little about the mazes.
There's some questions I have.
From the Facebook group, I cropped up people's names here.
This is really funny.
Somebody said, Hurricane Harbor is having a staffing issue, and none of the slides are open today.
Only the lazy river and the wave pool.
So they can keep letting people in and taking their money instead of just, I'm so sick of this.
They will never see another annual passports from me.
They will never see another single red coin from me.
I'm done with what at one time was a great place to be.
And then the person comments, many of their employees are minors.
They have school today.
It's probably busier today since LA USD is off.
So, maybe all the teens are now staffed at Hurricane Harbor, which is the park right next to Six Flags.
So if you join the Six Flags group on Facebook, that's sort of like the type of information you'll get.
Also Mike, your Facebook photo is Howard the Duck.
Yeah, he's playing a guitar.
Yeah, sweet.
Call him Howard the Duck.
And I can't feel it.
I love this song.
So, I had to eat a meal.
We talked about this last time.
I kept misremembering where things were from last time.
It's a very convoluted part.
It's hard.
It feels like it's changing around.
Like if you were to go in one building and come out, it's like changing geography.
And like you go, okay, so last time four years ago, the app was not even working at all.
It wasn't working this time.
It wasn't working this time.
Well, it was working technically better, but you would go in and you would click on something and it would say,
No ride found for this ride LD.
So you would continually get error messages when you would click on it.
Because we were trying to figure out where mazes were and it would just be,
and then this one was like, illegal input com dot Six Flags dot KMP dot core.
Live thrill level API model does not contain element with name un-cone.
Unknown is misspelled.
Dollar sign thrill level.
And Mike's like, why aren't we riding the coasters tonight?
So we ate at, so I ate at Johnny Rockets and we forgot, I almost, I forgot that you have to like,
if you want to drink a beer, you have to drink a beer in a pen.
They put you in a little pig pen.
And there were like two pig pens you're allowed to drink in.
One is by the Johnny Rockets and one is by, I know it's not a different Johnny Rockets,
but it feels right to say that.
But there's a separate Johnny Rockets.
So I did that.
The meal was insane.
Like it was like $50.
Are you serious?
I think I have, I bought a beer and then I bought us two, I bought a hamburger and fries.
I bought a beer and I bought two waters and it was 45.
Oh my God.
43.
With a little member benefits discount.
For the listener, Jason just fainted.
Oh, that's a sleeping cap.
It's kicking in.
A beer is like way more expensive than like California Adventure.
Like beer is like what?
$13, $14.
It's always climbing everywhere.
I'm not saying it's good.
I'm just saying I was like shocked.
So yeah, you get two.
So I was like $45.
And then I bought a beer.
So I was like $45.
And I felt like I became Jason Sheridan at that moment.
Like I embodied him.
But also this is what like now having done Shaqtoberfest that I finally did a Haunt thing.
I'm just like, I think rule of thumb, don't ever eat at any of these things.
For food, for cost, for shadiness.
Sure.
For life.
To live, to keep living my life.
You either eat there every day or not at all.
You know, those are the rules.
Those are the rules.
Train your stomach.
Okay, I think we now we start to head towards the haunts, right?
I'll say this.
I want to show a video that you took real quick of the DJ that was playing.
I really like the juxtaposition of that.
There was a rapid fire zoom in and out of Dippin' Dots carts.
That's what you should have had for dinner.
Yeah.
Only $28.
Per dot.
Okay, so I had one small thing before we get to the haunts, which we had to double back.
And what we didn't notice when we first walked in were the Six Flags.
And we didn't notice them because I don't think they think they were lit up because we were arriving during daytime.
At night, they were lit up.
And I said, Mike, look at the Six Flags.
They're flying at half mast.
Six Flags was flying at half mast for Dianne Feinstein.
All six flags.
All six? What do we think? Yes!
Of course all six.
Are you a monster?
And find out where Bugs is? Fuck!
More flags, more fun. But today, a little less fun.
In somber remembrance.
So they were all flying at half mast for Dianne.
Yeah.
So yeah, I put a little bit of a damper on the thing.
Can I show one?
You know, Mr. Six worked in her office in 1943.
Do you think Newsom appoints Mr. Six as the new senator?
That's right. He's as old as Biden, but he's got more energy.
Yeah, it's true.
Let me just, I just want to show a quick photo of an exterior.
Yeah.
Live life gear.
A building just says, live life gear.
Yikes. Yikes.
Not sure really what it means. Anyway.
So I guess we could talk about a minute.
I'm going to talk about the venue narc. We don't have, we shouldn't do too much more.
Which is horrible to say, because I could do this for three hours longer.
But just to be aware of.
Yeah, no, I, yeah, yeah.
This is what it is.
Unless we could just, let me keep it up until 5 a.m., right?
Yeah.
It's a sleepover now.
So I'll say something positive that I noticed from a distance.
Okay. Six Flags had a saw maze and a conjuring maze.
Yes.
That's licensed. The movies, people know.
That's right, yeah.
We did both of those.
We did both of those. Here's the thing. Fright Fest, we went on the 30th of September.
Fright Fest opened two weeks prior without the conjuring maze open or the saw maze open.
So people were going to Fright Fest without the two sort of headliner mazes open.
And people in the Facebook group were like tracking it like any action at the saw maze yet.
So people, they knew that's where saw was, but it wasn't open yet.
People were like, school started, be patient.
Well, hey, I saw that little jigsaw on a tricycle, so he might have had class.
Yeah, we should say, honestly, here's the thing.
We had a great time. Both saw maze and conjuring maze were really good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We went to saw first. Is that right, Mike?
We went to saw first. And this happens on some mazes where a lot of times the scares come from an actor, a clown, a crazy chainsaw man jumping out at you or something.
The saw maze is different. It's just people crawling out of the maze.
It is just sad people being hurt badly, irreparably hurt, begging for you to help them.
And you can't do anything. You want to.
So what you're saying is it was a six flags.
Got him.
They were so committed.
They were great. All the performers were great. And I don't have the one photo here that I sent you last night.
Possibly the most disturbing scene from a maze of all the haunts I've gone to this year is in the saw maze.
And it is a woman who is just in like a pile of syringes.
And there's like syringes sticking out of her arm. And boy, that sticks with you.
I didn't like that you sent it to me again.
It was in this at one point. I feel like some entity deleted it because it's so disturbing.
Right. Yeah. But it was. I said it was great. I didn't like it.
But they were really committed. That's your type of thing. I think you would probably enjoy it.
But I'll say that I liked and this is my preference of all these mazes.
When the scare actors kind of like, it feels like they're going off script a little. They're having a little fun with it.
So like a lot of the rooms you go past, they're like the person in the syringes or there's someone like,
his legs cut off or they're like tied up to something and they're like, help me, help me, help me.
And then one person, I think you heard this Mike, was someone was like a teenager and he goes, please, I have a family.
Which I really liked.
Everyone was great in there.
I'm someone's son.
I work at the water park.
Yeah. So that one was a little bit of a change up.
The conjuring, I guess, was my favorite, I think, of everything.
We should, God, I know we have so much. We're not going to get to.
It's a good sequel, I think.
Yeah, we'll do a sequel. On the way up to the conjuring, there's like a place that just sells glassware.
There's just a big booth that sells glassware.
It's like a place at a mall or something.
And like you can get like your name engraved on a piece of glass around like it's crazy.
And then we saw this.
We came so close.
It's the Jason mug with your favorite thing, soccer.
Soccer.
Football.
But yeah, the conjuring maze was really good.
And they do crazy stuff at Six Flags.
Like they change the elevation you're walking at sometimes, which is like that's not they don't do that at Horror Nights.
You don't walk downstairs in a maze.
That's just how the ground is there.
You had no choice.
Yeah. And there was a performer there you liked a lot.
That was the guy who kind of ushered us in.
So you go into the conjuring house.
The whole bit is it's the family's house and they have I don't know much about the conjuring, but I think it's like they collect the shit and you know.
Yeah, they're investigated paranormal investigators and everything's haunted in the room.
And then they for some reason keep the thing afterwards.
Yeah.
They don't learn their lesson.
And so we go in and there's a scaracter immediately and he goes, wait, wait, what are you doing in here?
And I'm like, this guy's great.
He was really selling it.
He goes, don't you know what happens at this time of night?
And he gives us this spiel of like, this is not this is not a house you want to be in.
Get out of here. Get out of here.
And then lightning crashes like there's an effect and he goes, oh, it's too late.
He goes to the basement, my friends.
And so we all run to the well, like, you know, head to the basement.
But there's just that natural lull that happens where like people are like walking into the next scare.
And I just tend to be like the last person to go in.
I'm not like that is excited.
I want those people to have that.
And so I kind of get stuck in the opening room with him for a second because like it's there's a lull.
And I look back at him and he goes to the basement.
Yeah, yeah, to the basement, to the basement.
As if I was going to like run out the front door.
Yeah, you can do it. Go ahead.
Come on.
To the basement, my friend.
That was your favorite guy the whole night.
I love that guy.
You kept talking about him.
Yes, I did like him. He was great. He had a great energy.
Kind of like an Orson Welles.
Yeah, 22 year old, a teen Orson Welles.
Orson Welles that worked at a water park.
Right.
I work the wave pool, my friend.
I guess I guess we can close out.
Let's just talk real quick about Sewer of Souls.
Okay.
Sewer of Souls is a returning maze, of course, and it is a maze where you wear 3D glasses.
And Gio remembered to bring his 3D glasses.
And it is very much the same.
But I'll say this.
We kind of trashed Sewer of Souls in a way a couple years ago.
And I think both of us left Sewer of Souls this year realizing we made a big mistake.
Yeah.
We kind of loved Sewer of Souls this time.
Yes, especially when you're not wearing the glasses.
The glasses are, they say on them, only for viewing of chroma depth 3D images.
That's not what's in Sewer of Souls.
No.
Sewer of Souls is just like props and like black lights and stuff.
A bunch of poop?
Yes, a big pile of shit where like a woman's standing next to it.
And she says, do you want some?
That's the first scene in Sewer of Souls.
Wow.
You want some?
It's a big pile of shit.
$11 for annual pass holders.
$22 for general audience.
The Coca-Cola Sewer of Souls.
Sorry, our Xbox Series S is down.
There's one part of Sewer of Souls where I believe you're getting shit out of a big anus.
Because there's a big inflatable like Scott suit on both sides and you're kind of pushing through it.
And Gion are like, wait a minute, did we not notice this last time that you're going through an anus?
It's like the implication is like you are now the shit.
You are the shit.
You become be the shit.
So please enjoy as you're exiting tonight.
We've set up some inflatable anuses as you.
Happy squeezing.
I know we're in the home stretch here.
I just wanted to make a note.
Mike, you were offered the shit, the big pile.
And she said, do you want some?
And then you go, what?
And she goes, we've got plenty.
Which made me laugh.
That was good.
She was really fun.
She really was good.
I mean that sincerely.
That was really good.
And we both left Sewer of Souls going, Sewer of Souls is good.
We like Sewer of Souls.
We were too hard on it.
And there were things you didn't remember.
And you go, that must be new.
And I was like, it's not.
I looked it up.
I think it's because I didn't wear the glasses.
I feel like they would pass these around like a dare officer and be like, this is what drinking is like.
Yeah, it's just making you disoriented.
They're horrible.
Do you want to put them on for a moment?
They also gave us kind of 3D glasses like that.
When we went to the Christmas like drive through and it made it look like, you know, every light was like snowflakes or snowmen or stuff.
You drove with these?
But no, but that's what I was about to say.
They handed us these.
They went, here's your pounded half a fudge and here's your Christmas glasses.
And I'm like, I have to drive.
I am not going to put these on.
All right. I guess I'll just park, finish the fudge, then get on the road.
Well, how do we go out here?
I'm sorry. It's hard. I know.
There's so much stuff and we obviously that we're going to have to, it's going to have to have a sequel.
I mean, also, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
For to do a Fright Fest 3, we need to add some people to the team.
Okay. So we can't just, it can't just be Gio and I going to Fright Fest every year.
Now, Scott has leveled up his haunt game.
That's true. Yes, with the help of Shaq.
But I'm going to need, I'm going to need a pledge from two other guys that they're going to, they're going to Fright Fest with us.
You know what? I honestly, I kind of wanted to this time around, but I had a wedding to attend.
So I was at a wedding that night.
But let me say, let me get oddly heartfelt for an episode that was just about a bunch of shit and a big anus.
That I like.
Just.
I'm at this wedding. I've had a drink or two and I see a picture of the boys back at it.
And Janiel, I texted you this Mike.
I was genuinely like, wow, Mike and Gio are there again.
I've never felt more like a nerd for my own podcast.
I'm so happy the dynamic duo made it back.
And I would love to join next time around.
Yeah.
All right.
And before we can let you go, I think we have to give you a really big, we can't let a Fright Fest episode end without this is a big old say the line Bart situation.
Do you know what line we're referring to?
I think it'll help. I think it'll help if I put this image up.
There's Mrs. Tass.
There he is with her.
She's wearing the clockwork orange glasses to pry her eyes open.
That's right.
That's right. A fresh coat of paint we thought.
They do look good. Yeah, yeah.
They look good. Does it make you think anything?
Yeah. I mean, Six Flags sucks and I love it.
Yes. He did it. He did it.
Anthony Gio, you survived podcast The Fright.
You know, we're here. You know, I know you got to get out of here.
You have a prior engagement, so we'll let you go and we'll do the wrap up without you.
But give it up for Anthony Gio, ladies and gentlemen.
So happy to have you back.
Incredible.
Hey, enjoy your screening of Killers of the Flower Moon.
It starts at midnight over there.
Yeah, yeah, you'll be fine.
All right. That's Anthony Gio, folks.
That's Anthony Gio.
Hey, as for us, you survived podcast The Fright Live.
Really happy to have you here.
And...
Boys, boys.
Oh, what?
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
That's so odd.
Right as there is an exit, there is also an exit.
What?
What the fuck is that?
Don't you remember? It's been so long.
It's the Sector Keeper.
Wow.
We haven't talked to the Sector Keeper in years.
Sector Keeper.
What's going on, buddy?
I'm flying high and I'm feeling fine.
Oh, wow.
The boys are so good.
I'm feeling fine.
Oh, wow.
Boys, boys, all your talk of Halloween haunts has awoken my ghostly spirit.
And now I have an important mission for you.
Oh, my God.
Well, look, the clock is ticking. We do not have time to get into the mission.
Is there some way that you could just give us the gist of it?
Yeah, yeah, let's just get to the gist of it.
So, yes, I'll tell you more very, very soon.
But for now, there's only one place this mission can be achieved.
Beautiful, sunny Orlando.
Oh, okay.
Well, I guess we're well, I mean, I would say yes, but we don't have any choice in this, do we?
No.
Okay.
I don't want to get haunted. So, hey, thank you so much for popping in Sector Keeper.
We'll talk about it soon.
We'll see you soon, boys.
Oh, my God.
I will inflate here.
Wow, what a great guest array.
And you survived. I'm going to try to inflate right at the very end.
Hey, Minotaur, if you're back there, come say good night.
But you survived haunt cast the Fright.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thanks to Anthony Geo.
Thanks to the Sector Keeper.
Thanks to Scary Ernie.
Thanks to the Minotaur.
No!
No!
Matt Mazzani, a good pal.
Thank you so much, Matt. And thank you all for coming.
Thanks for dressing up.
Happy Halloween, Orlando.
We'll see you soon. Good night.
Happy Halloween.
Yay!
Forever.
Dog.
This has been a Forever Dog production.
Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner,
Brett Boehme, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts, please visit ForeverDogPodcasts.com
and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram
at ForeverDogTeam and liking our page on Facebook.
