Forever!
Dog!
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, which could be considered a stunt show in that it's a show
where the hosts are emotionally stunted.
I'm Scott Gardner, joined as always by Mike Carlson.
I'm here, I don't want to laugh at that also because I'm withholding in my laughter and
my sorrow and my empathy, but that is a good joke.
I want to say that is a good joke.
Hey, thanks, thanks.
Very funny.
Some are not made in other stunt show episodes.
And then I also was like, let me Google the definition of emotionally stunted to make
sure that's right and what the results were like.
It's also, it can also be called Peter Pan syndrome.
Oh, we got that.
People not growing up.
Yeah, yeah, yes.
That's definitely there.
I knew we were right on.
I saw that.
Now, I use that phrase joined as always by Mike Carlson.
We take this phrase for granted sometimes because actually today we are not joined by
Jason Sheridan.
Some last minute stuff came up for him.
He sends his apologies to our guest and presumably to you, the audience.
I think so, yeah.
He didn't specifically do it, but I imagine that he would.
But hey, luckily there will be no shortage of great theme park conversation because we
are joined by a theme park performing graduate, a Disney and Universal veteran turned prolific
podcaster joining us for the second time from Conan O'Brien needs a friend from with Gourley
and Rust and from his new podcast with Amanda Lund, keys to the kingdom, Matt Gourley.
Oh, it's good to be back guys.
Thanks for having me back.
Glad you could really happy you reached out and excited to talk about keys to the kingdom,
your new project, which should be of interest to our audience.
I think already is to some of our audience.
I think people are listening already.
Yeah, people are finding it.
The buzz of the town.
By that, I mean Main Street USA.
You walked so we could run.
We're merely standing on your shoulders.
The sister podcast hardly, hardly just gussied up a little bit more to disguise its same sort
of emotional stuntedness.
OK, well, well, yeah, indeed.
I mean, like I've listened to some of it and you definitely do.
Like, I mean, I've just the one that came out today is we're recording this.
I heard some like Disney adult conversation, some Disney adult like defining what that
means. And I feel like maybe you avoiding wanting to be to get that label as many people
do. Disney adult.
I feel like you were like defining yourself as more of a universal person.
True.
A pro of today's topic.
Yeah, I think I always was.
I went to Disney quite a bit as a kid.
And then, of course, I worked there and also universal.
But for my birthdays when it was my choice, it was Universal Studios, stunt shows, movies.
I was so into that.
My wife and I on the podcast, the podcast is just like an eight episode exploration of
what it's like to work at theme parks as a character, as a performer, the good, the bad,
you know, the the dishy, the gossipy, all that stuff.
But I I think I'm a little bit more cynical about it than she is.
It's in fact, it's very true.
We talked about this in the podcast.
It's no spoiler. And then once we factor our young daughter into it, that really complicates
things because that I see it through her eyes and it changes my perspective a bit.
And so there's a slight personal journey thread through this.
But most of it is interviews with people that have had interesting stories or experiences
at the theme park. Sure, sure.
And just like, well, is any cynicism that entered your perspective on it from working
there like did it like enhance Amanda's magic working in that world because she was like
part of the magical end of it as a as a princess.
Yeah. And you were doing I don't.
I don't want to say improv, improv shows at California Adventure are less magical than
being a princess.
You're already flattering it more than it's worth.
I think it did, but it wasn't the shows or much the interaction with guests.
It was more the workplace environment there and the kind of like for lack of a better
term, I use this with some hyperbole, but the cultish cultish aspect of working there
and the kind of like not that there was ever a fear of being drawn into that cult, but
the kind of way certain employees and a good number of them would look at you like, well,
why would you ever doubt this?
And why won't you use all this terminology that we have to use and, you know, cult speak
and stuff.
And so I both like loved it and and I don't hate it as a strong word.
It was just funny to navigate through it and kind of look, you know, just look at it from
an outsider's perspective, which a lot of people there don't do.
Yeah.
Well, and that you did it younger in your life and like not clearly with that not being the
end game because there's a lot of people in those worlds who like this is I like this,
I'm staying here.
And then you and that's more the type little start committing to the terminology.
Yes.
But that you were like, this is a this is a stop on the way to other things.
We talk about this for a full episode just on the Union performers in Keys of the Kingdom
called the professionals.
I don't know when this is coming out, but this will probably be out by the time this
episode comes out.
This is November 10th.
So yeah, you'll still be in the right like kind of in the middle.
That's the next episode as we record this and we talk to people, especially the Union
performers who it's a real kind of like blessing and a curse because I started doing
Union performing there in my 20s and was making close to $30 an hour in the early 2010s.
And I had disposable income I could save for a house.
Wow.
But then it's great.
And then but if you want to have a family and you want to live, I don't even mean wealthy,
but just comfortably, it really puts you on the borderline of is that going to happen?
And so certain AGVA Union employees, either you got to get out or you got to just knuckle
down and go, this is what life is.
And we speak to both versions of that, basically.
Me being the one that's like, I had to get out into podcast.
The most secure, the most universal.
That's great.
So to that universal and well, first of all, the last time you joined us, we talked about,
we did a double header of old school universal stunt show.
That was A-Team and Miami Vice, both the precursors to Water Worlds and then to the purge.
The purge show.
Dark Waters show.
I have not seen it.
Oh, no.
Do you know anything about it?
I know a little bit about it.
Yeah.
In fact, someone tipped me off that it was happening before it was announced.
I don't know where that gets me.
Other than to say, I would like to be known as the world's foremost
universal studios, theme parks, action, stunt, spectacular, enthusiast.
And an insider, I would say.
Oh, I mean, I can tell you that the Waterworld performers sit in a hot tub when they're not.
Really?
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
That's big news on this show.
I've seen that firsthand when I worked there.
Yeah.
That's nuts.
Well, it's nice you can own these titles and say facts like that and get a lot of like,
wow, as opposed to if you said any of this on Conan Needs a Friend,
the mockery you would receive from 15 straight minutes.
I'd be pilloried.
But I'd still do it.
I'd still do it.
If it came up, I'd do it.
It's your role.
Yes.
You have to give the cat toys to play with, to bat around.
But yeah, so that's what we're attempting.
Here today is to cover kind of a double.
And I realize that you gave us with the shows that you wanted to talk about,
you gave us two of the most mealy-mouthed titles ever to exist.
OK, if we were to do the full titles in our episode title,
that is The Adventures of Conan, A Sword and Sorcery Spectacular,
and The Wild Wild Wild West Stunt Show.
Yeah, except it's The Wild West Stunt Show.
I don't mean to split hairs.
Oh, no.
We're all about splitting hairs.
OK, maybe this might be on me.
Maybe I didn't describe it.
I hope you didn't do a bunch of research on The Wild Wild West Stunt Show,
although we can certainly talk about that too.
Oh, love this.
Look, we are all about microtopic dissection.
And you know what?
Even Jason, knowing that this is what we're going to be talking about,
he seemed a little like, well, I do want to talk about The Wild Wild Wild West
because I saw that in Florida.
So you know what?
Actually, maybe you're too.
OK, perfect.
Maybe we'll come back.
Yeah, OK.
So we'll take some wilds out of there.
How many wilds?
Wait, you said two wilds.
Is there a three wilds?
Three is what I knew when I think when the show ended.
And you were saying one wild?
I can bust this out.
So the original stunt show there of all time
was called The Wild West Stunt Show, and it had different permutations.
But it existed for years.
It was the three-man cowboy stunt show, my favorite of all time.
Wow.
Just three.
That's pretty like, that's them doing it.
Because you're not relying on like a power trio.
It's a dreamlike, it's the rush of theme park action spectators.
Then they closed it down and opened what would become The Wild Wild Wild West
Stunt Show, but first they called it The Riot Act right in time for the LA riots
to hit, and then they had to change the name to The Wild Wild Wild West Stunt Show.
And then that's a stunt show that involved, I think, what, like five or six people,
many of whom I knew at the time.
And I don't know why I didn't work it to get in this thing,
but I think I thought myself too puny to be a stuntman.
Though there's like a comic relief role that's kind of, would have been up my alley.
Sure, but still requiring probably comfort with falls and crash pads.
Yeah, which I would have been excited to do,
but I just sold myself short and said like, there's no way that,
I think I thought I was too young to, and I probably was.
So you were still, you were working at Universal, you crossed over with,
before this thing closed, which was like 2002?
No, I worked at Universal Studios for one summer in 2011.
Oh, okay.
And Disney I worked at for like over a decade.
Oh, sure.
Most of the 2000s.
Okay, okay, okay.
So the thing was gone, you were just like, why did I not try before?
Yeah, and I still go to where that thing was performed,
specifically the original Wild West Stunt Show, which for a long time was like where they did
the Grinch Whoville thing.
Oh yeah.
And now is just like a, like at Horror Nights, it's just like an alcohol pavilion.
Yeah, there's just different booths and stuff.
Yeah, but I still stand there and go, the greatest stuntman of all time, comedian Bob
Rochelle once spit teeth out here day after day after day.
Wow, wow.
Okay, wait, so you've dropped the name because before we started recording,
you were alluding to somebody who had a big influence on you and their role in this show.
A disproportionate influence.
Wow, wow.
Bob Rochelle was, he was of the three people in this stunt show.
He's like the comic relief and like specifically.
So the other two are heels and straight men.
Right.
And he's like Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck all rolled into one bright red tight curly hair,
kind of long beard often.
I don't know.
There's just something so Warner Brothers about his timing, his perfect timing.
And I don't know what it is because I saw these videos pop up during quarantine
and it just came on YouTube.
My algorithm was like this guy likes stunt show videos,
but I had never seen one from the old version before.
And it came up and I just like shivers went through my body going,
I know this guy.
I saw this guy so many times when I was a kid.
I went home and acted like him.
I put stunt shows on in my backyard for neighbors all based on him.
And then I realized this was the guy that inspired me to kind of want to perform or
do comedy and things like that.
I saw it and realized I didn't know you could make a living
spitting out fake teeth and falling in wells and getting whipped and do comedy.
Wow.
So it unlocked it.
You didn't like, he wasn't with you for decades.
No.
All of a sudden you're like, oh, whoa.
Yeah.
It was like, you know, when people have horrible revelations about something they've blocked out,
this was like the opposite of that.
Yeah.
Oh, wonderful.
Why have I been blocking this out?
Then I went into a deep rabbit hole of discovery on this guy thinking, should I look into this?
I mean, what performer in the early eighties in a theme park is like going to come out,
you know, smelling like roses, but he, he, he seems to have been, I can only get so far.
And I've talked about this on my, with Gorley and Russ podcast for so many episodes.
It's gross.
He turns out he was an extra in like the Presidio with Sean Connery, not even an extra.
He was, he had a small role and he did all these like really schlocky stunt and B movie
films.
One about the universal studios stunt team that goes out camping and comes across a drug gang
that they get into a life and death battle with Martin Landau's in that because his daughter's
in it.
And so he just does a couple of scenes as the ruler of the drug lords.
Wow.
And that's like an official branded universal movie or no,
no, they were able to just go shoot like early mornings on the set or something.
That's how I figured, no, it is a gorilla.
Wow.
It's like the escape from tomorrow.
Yeah.
Disney accepted probably like tacit permission as opposed to just pure gorilla.
And way to get production value though is to steal it.
Yeah.
That's where they make the real movies.
Yeah.
But I've been trying to find out what kind of guy he was because then he also died in 2008,
but he ended up moving to Vegas and I don't know if it was to perform.
He worked at a hotel.
Turns out I went to high school with his stepdaughter.
He lived in Whittier when I lived in Whittier and I am no closer to knowing
anything about the guy's personality.
This guy that I have now imagined in my brain is the single most responsible person for my
entire happiness in life and wellbeing.
Wow.
Which is maybe for the best because there's that don't meet your hero's thing.
If the influence is like what he was to you, the image of him,
and then maybe it's irrelevant if he was cool and nice or grizzled and weird.
I suppose so.
I don't know. I think you should look into it more.
I kind of am compelled.
I really am and I've reached out to people mostly who've posted these videos on YouTube.
You clearly had some access to these shows to have this tape.
What was this guy like?
And all I've ever gotten is he was great.
He was nice.
He was great.
That's a good knee jerk.
I'm now discovering what because one of the top Google results for Bob Rochelle's stuntman
is you and the Reddit with Coraline Rust.
And there's this post.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm breaking this to you.
I don't know if you've seen this, but all right.
I'm getting more and more sure that the saga of Bob Rochelle is going to end with Amanda
ripping off a Mission Impossible mask and revealing that she's been a grizzled old
stunt guy this whole time.
Oh, that's hot.
That's ironic.
Custom fan fiction for your marriage.
All right.
So this has been seeded then through if this is being discussed on Reddit.
Yeah.
Sometimes we'll ask a question on the show and then sometimes we'll never get it.
We'll ask a question like, does anybody know whatever?
And then we'll get a listener that'll say they know.
And then sometimes it's just crickets.
And then sometimes we'll get an email that's like eight paragraphs long explaining.
So let's cross our fingers that someone listening.
I had a bit of that happen to me where a guy was a skip tracer, like bounty hunter.
And he sent me civic and personal records.
I did not ask for these things.
And they were like 90, 100 pages of things.
And I still was no closer to understanding the man other than his credit history.
And it's like medical history.
Everything was above board.
Like he didn't have arrests or anything like that.
What was his average blood pressure?
Like, was he a calm guy?
I don't know whether it was during the show or not.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
We know his eye color.
Well, it seems like a nots guy too, which kind of that makes sense.
He was a train robber.
Big.
He was the first person ever to be hanged in the hanging.
The first ever hanging.
Oh, wow.
Originally a nots guy.
So people have done great work on my behalf where they've sent me archival footage that's not
for the public on the original nots stunt show, which is another stunt show I adored.
Sure.
Yeah.
And he was in that.
And he played multiple parts in that.
Wow.
OK.
Oh, gotcha.
Oh, interesting.
I mean, because those fit very well together.
And nots still has a western stunt show, correct?
I've not seen it.
I've been there and it has never been playing.
So I don't know if it is a seasonal thing.
Although the last time I saw it, it was rough.
Ah, sure.
That's the one over the road because it's right by what's the roller coaster called.
That's some of the roughness of it.
I forgot the name of the coaster.
Is it Jaguar that goes over there?
It's not Ghost Rider.
Or an inverted one.
It's the one I did.
We did it, yeah.
And I'm embarrassed to say I did it about four days ago and I can't remember the name of it.
It's not Montezuma's Revenge.
No.
No.
It's not.
It's kind of something that any coaster could be called.
I did a front row and my legs are dangling, which I don't like.
Oh, yeah.
And the whole thing freaked me out.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
That one, I have to admit, purely was like I think regularly that coaster would have freaked
me out and I wouldn't have done it.
I had had enough drinks at that nots event that like, let's go, we're going.
I remember I was like rounding up everybody.
No time to discuss.
It's happening.
And I kind of don't know if I would do it sober at 11 a.m.
Yeah.
No, I was shocked when you said it.
Yeah.
Well, I was so happy to be back also.
Have I ever said on the show how, or have I said many times somehow, that when it was
my first time back post pandemic and it was a thing we got invited to, so I was happy
about that and then some free drinks and I'm really happy about that.
And then I'm on the log ride.
I think solo.
I didn't make you guys listen to this.
But so I'm alone in a log rounding the corner and I just started yelling, I love nots.
Ah.
I love nots.
I like nots too.
It's such pure love in that moment.
That makes me happy.
Stand by it.
Yeah.
Being back.
Oh, boy.
That might have been the best.
Maybe that was better than returning to Disney.
I don't know.
Silver bullet.
Silver bullet.
Okay, yeah.
Anything could be called that, right?
And it's not like Western or Eastern.
No, it's not.
It's like yellow and it's like, why wouldn't it be just silver or something?
Yeah.
Good point.
They didn't even have to paint it probably if it was just steel.
Yeah, very true.
But that's funny.
I was thinking about that, about how that is, that, you know, the universal one went
away a while ago at this point, but that tradition is still there.
And I forgot the train robbers too, which is the reason I can't take my train crazy
son on the nots train because he, I think he would be pretty freaked out by the robbers.
Three and a half.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I got that.
Because he doesn't, he's not going to know the reality of that.
I don't think that's, it scared me.
I remember that.
I think, same deal.
My parents thought it was like a gentle little train ride like Disney.
Didn't know fake guns would be in play.
Yeah.
And they would fire the guns when I was a kid.
I don't know if they still do.
They weren't like super loud, but they would shoot blanks in their guns.
And those guys were all over that Calico square and I ate it up.
I loved it.
I'm sure I crossed paths with Bob Rochelle there as well.
I just probably, yeah, around you, uh, your whole life, your guardian angel.
I mean, we were spending time in the same city.
We're probably shopping at the same music plus for all of them.
Yes.
Yeah.
So he was like, oh, we want Kenobi.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, Mike, I can't,
he made me so happy.
He was, he was just, yeah.
The revelation is going to be greater than you ever imagined.
Yeah.
Cause he died in 2008.
It could have been struck down by some kind of stunt lord that, you know, was like a rival stunt lord.
That's a common way for them to go.
So yeah, it makes sense.
And there's never been any like hinting that your parents aren't your real parents, right?
Oh my God.
Here it is.
You're putting it all together.
I look just like my dad and I don't have tightly curled red hair.
Okay.
But yes.
And you have all of your teeth.
You haven't spit any out while we've been recording.
Well, that's, that's magical.
Bob Rochelle, this, this whole story, this whole, so yeah, that, I mean, well, this is great, Jason.
We will save Wild West and the Florida iteration for Jason.
So save for you, but we can talk a little about, yeah, this was like a fixture.
I think it seems to me like, uh, uh, I get foggy on the, on the tour history.
And I think they were always doing little tours at the studio, even in like silent movie days.
But I think the tour, as we know it with trams and the stops and little shows, it seems like 1964
was kind of the advent of it.
And I think from then there was this, the, I guess the, the three person show,
I think it might've happened like on the backlot somewhere without seating.
And then it ended up where the universal amphitheater ended up and in the same
configuration where it's kind of like a little half dome and terrorist.
And then they, so the amphitheater grew out of that.
So I think, I think that's correct.
So you got that like sweeping view of, uh, of Burbank and such.
Pictures of it are amazing because it didn't have as much of a, like, uh,
amphitheater wall thing that it did eventually.
So you would see that Vista behind it.
That was incredible.
Just killer.
It makes that to this day, it makes that kind of like nothing.
Harry Potter coaster.
What's that called?
Flight of the hippogriff?
Hippogriff.
Yeah.
Um, like that, that is really like enhanced by the first, or that all the drops look like they are
2000 feet drops because you're up on top of the hill.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a cool thing about the property, but yeah, um, that was, it was consulted on when it opened,
I guess by, or maybe at some point by Hal Needham.
I didn't know that.
Really?
Yeah.
I thought, wait, you, yeah, you mentioned his name before we started recording.
I think he did somehow contribute.
Oh my God.
This is making it even more precious for me because I'm a huge, how I'll need him filmography.
Wow.
Wow.
Which is okay.
So smoking the bandit and cannonball runs and all the, it was like, he's, he's, uh,
but Reynolds biggest.
Yeah.
And also mega force and Hooper, which is about,
yes.
Yeah.
Adam Weston Hooper.
Correct.
He does have a small part.
Yeah.
He's, he's who Burt Reynolds is doubling for.
Is a stunt man for.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait, and, and the movie, I realized I said his name in the context of the film rad at
one point in time, which I've never seen.
I think, yeah, I think he directed it.
Did he?
I believe so.
Oh my God.
This like motocross.
Yeah.
I remember it.
Movie with Talia Shire and sparks in it or the song is in it or something.
Cause when you think motocross, you think Talia Shire.
And she's not a mom in that, right?
She's just the like most competing BMX biker.
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
No, no way.
I don't know the content of rad.
They should see it.
I love the name.
I was going to say that's your favorite word.
Yeah, yeah, yes.
Yeah.
Named a character rad on the show.
Uh, um, they're also in looking up how need them.
There was like a, there was a toy you could get.
I've seen the Western movie stunt set.
It's incredible.
Wow.
Wow.
Have you seen it in person or just like listings for it?
No, I've just seen Instagram postings and I've grabbed the picture of it.
It's a, it's amazing.
It's like a saloon set where they can, you can bust through windows and do high falls
and stuff.
This is what I was doing with my GI Joe's.
I would build sets.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Miami vice set and built little like fire contraptions that you could press a button.
So they'd like fall in this little shack and then the roof would go like, like that.
And wow.
Really?
So into stunt shows.
You would break falls for your carry.
You wouldn't even make them go through like a horrible event.
No, I would have little mattresses in there and stuff like that.
It was like, I was playing stunt show, not now.
Not actual fighting.
Wow.
I love this, like, this like major within theme, the, the university of theme park interest.
This is like a, such a specific cool like lane that you have.
Pathetic.
We like, this is the audience for it.
But what do you, wait, what, and then what were your like backyard shows like?
Oh, I did two that I remember.
And the first one was because I had no experience putting on a show or understanding how to do
that.
I just had Bob Rochelle in my mind.
I didn't remember what his name was.
So I called myself stinky stew and I was him and I got my neighbors, Kelly and Christy
Grenager, Mike Reagan and Jeff Carson.
And we just, I, I remember us having rehearsals, but when action was called, everything went
haywire.
And there was like a sandbox.
You could jump in from off a big tall bench.
That was like the high fall.
And I made something called the paper punch, which was, I had an old knockoff lightsaber
and a little bar taped like an L frame.
And I just put notebook paper that was about like three by two feet.
So you could bust through it, you know?
Wow.
That didn't work.
It all fell apart.
And I remember being a little depressed that it didn't go over well.
So the second one we scripted and worked harder on, had some comedy beats and stuff.
And that would be something I'd be comfortable showing today.
Where the first one, you know, I don't want to talk about it.
Sure.
Was there anything very dangerous or mildly dangerous you were doing or no?
Well, not for those, but then that led me to doing two fairly dangerous things.
When my mom would leave, I would pull my twin mattress out in the backyard and we had a
detached garage and I would jump off my garage onto the mattress.
As a high fall.
And just a twin.
I know.
Yeah.
That's really precise.
Yeah.
Would you do the like the fall?
No, I'd fall on my stomach.
I was too afraid, I think, to do that.
Like a belly flop.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then I spent a good amount of time figuring out how to do electronic squibs, blood packs.
Oh, wow.
And I've told the story before, but I figured it out the day of my eighth grade graduation
dance, which I then didn't go to because I was like, I figured it out.
I'm going to stay home and burst squibs all day.
I guess.
I didn't go to prom.
I was going to say skipped, but there was more.
I asked somebody and didn't work out.
But I ended up, senior prom night, me and a friend blew up a building for a movie that
never got finished.
Oh.
That's how I spent.
It felt like a good like mad, like fuck all that.
Fuck the mainstream.
I'm going to blow up a building instead.
It was fun.
I think I did have more fun probably.
I bet you did.
On that note, how many, because I probably started and stopped so many films that never
got made or animations and things that like, yeah, that was just a career path.
Well, and also it's not a good strategy to like start with.
OK, so we have the explosion.
Now what is the rest of the idea of what it is?
That's me exactly.
Yeah.
100%.
It starts with the story.
This is what we know today.
Yeah, of course.
That is honestly how they start most Marvel movies.
That's true.
I think it is.
We know we want to blow up a cool building and then like what else happens?
Yeah, and pre-vis is are worked out a year before the actual director signed on.
100%.
Bob Rochelle got the name check, but I'd like to name check one that I said before
we started recording, which is a longtime guy there at Universal, Lance Rimmer.
Yeah, and he has quite a pivotal history in the stunt show.
Do you know about this?
I don't think I do.
I just saw him interviewed and was like, that's the coolest name ever.
And he's a cool dude.
He's got like an Eastwood quality to him.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, he's the guy I'm thinking of.
Is that Lance Rimmer?
I think is he the one that like had kind of piercing blue eyes,
no facial hair.
Is it that guy?
You know what?
I wish I could tell you, but I was just staring at the lower third with his name.
I think that's it.
That's what was piercing to me.
So I may not have like looked the man in his eyes.
I can't expect you people to have gone as pathetically deep as I have.
As I understand the story, this three person show existed in like the Universal
amphitheater space and whatever.
And then Lance Rimmer was kind of either brought in and he was an actual maybe film stuntman
or something.
And he said, let me retool this a little bit and add an actual script and comedy.
And the guy that was kind of the head of it before was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, what are
you doing here?
This is a stunt.
Oh, it's more of a like actual breaking the fourth wall stunt demonstration prior to that.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And he said, let me put in the story.
And the guy got really pissed.
And then I think Universal said, let's run them, like give them each three week runs
and see how they did.
And then the one with the comedy in the story far exceeded the others in terms of reception.
Wow.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I saw some compressed version of that in a video and I forget the maybe theme park express
was the source of it.
But the Jay Stein was the Universal Executive who's considered like the guy who got the
modern tour off the ground in the park that we know.
And he was the one who like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And I say that because that factors into the other show and the same dynamic is at play,
which I guess it's there's something about the DNA of Universal where they, I think they
had a hard time and still do sometimes have our time moving on from, no, what we are is
you're on the set of something and you are learning about the making of something.
It's the arc of almost everything at Universal.
Yeah.
That's where it starts where it's like, we're going to explain it to you.
And then they're like, but actually people want to be in it.
They want to pretend it's real.
They don't want to know.
And just for stuff to happen instead of like, we need three volunteers.
Okay.
Now this is a facade.
And we've talked about that with the last time I was here that both, I think the team
and Miami Vice and even Waterworld have that kind of like cut element to it.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Directors spectacular.
Here we throwing the John Wayne punch instead.
I guess Waterworld doesn't quite do that, but they're still breaking the fourth wall.
But there was a stage manager role in the Miami Vice when we come out in a polo and slacks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There were so many, I feel like when Universal Florida opened up, there must've been like
11 shows with cut, cut, cut.
I'm the director here at that was like every single thing.
Six flat, like the Six Flags Batman show I saw when I was little was the same thing.
That's right.
And there was a fake plant in the audience.
He like jumped from the audience onto the like the set itself, which
I thought was real time.
Of course is not real.
All I remember about that was that they had clearly purchased the helicopter from Miami Vice.
For that.
And then the Indiana Jones show has a kind of like stage director, like first assistant AD.
Oh yeah.
That's entirely like filming scenes from the films that have been out since the early 80s.
We're doing the Boulder scene.
Which makes less sense than just like you go and watch a show.
I know.
Seen a play before.
Knott's I think was the first big cowboy stunt show and they don't do that.
They're presentational and they're doing a stunt demonstration, but then a story takes over.
They bring in the Beaumont bear from Hollywood is the big Hollywood stunt man to come teach
these berry pickers how to do it.
And they have a plant in the audience too.
It got to the point where every time when I was a kid, I'd look for the guy in the Hawaiian shirt
sitting with a woman and they're on their honeymoon.
Where do you work?
I don't want to say, come on Disney World.
Oh no.
I'm going to punch you.
Wait, I just had a taco.
All tourists wear Hawaiian shirts.
I guess I do typically wear Hawaiian shirts.
I think the audience thinks I only wear Hawaiian shirts because I post pictures from theme parks
where I exclusively wear Hawaiian shirts.
I guess you have my-
Accidentally gone up because I think you're the plant.
You there.
That show was actually really good and I don't think there's any online
video of the original three person show at knots because the plant played it straight for quite
a while and you actually really think he's a plant.
And then he's the one that gets shot by a shotgun and does the high fall right at the end.
And that's the only time you really realize, especially as a kid.
It's good.
Yeah.
Wow.
Wow.
I can send you links.
Yeah, yeah, please.
Yes.
Well, and it'll be good research for when we do these, the micro topic of the other,
the split off the wild, wild, wild.
Anything else to say about this?
Because thematically, I think there's a lot of things that tie into the evolution of the
Conan the Barbarian show, but anything else Wild West story?
It's weird.
There were certain tropes in Wild West stunt shows that I have to believe maybe started with
knots because I don't know if there was, I'm sure there were other stunt shows prior or
concurrent to that, but that was the big one.
The one thing that I keep seeing repeated was axe handle fights and they have the same
choreography where it's not an axe.
It's just like an axe handle.
They do it in the Wild West.
Don't show.
They did it at the not stunt show.
There was like a Marine world stunt show up North that had a Wild West stunt show in it.
Oh, Marine world, Africa, USA.
I think that's it.
Yeah.
Zarely named park up North.
And it had a, a Western stunt show, but honest, like really cheap saloon set.
I want to say maybe there was an orangutan in it.
Oh, I hope.
And it has some like actors that went on to do like actual legit.
I think the guy, one of the guys who played Jason Voorhees was in it.
Maybe I can't remember, but they would do this bit where they would hit axe handles together
and they would like lock the axe handles and they do it like back and forth pushing.
And then one of them would step away and take a breath, like very bugs bunny, daffy duck.
While the other person kept going, and it just killed with the audience.
And then spitting teeth into a spittoon was a big one.
Just a mouthful.
And Bob Rochelle, if you watched any of his videos on YouTube and the stunt show,
he's the best because he just, his timing on how to like when to release a few and when to release,
you know, dozens of them.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
So he would like vomit teeth that one time you do one and then he would do like a puke.
Yeah.
And then, and then somehow continue on.
Was he holding it in his mouth the whole time?
No, well see he has this bit where he and his, the tough guy that he's kind of sidekick to
come out of a saloon and the tough guy comes out and slams the slum door back in his face.
So he's put them in immediately before that, but then he just kind of hobbles over and just,
it's just like perfection how he drizzles them out because you know, even if you don't do that
well, it's going to be get a laugh, but he gets like four or five at different times.
Oh, he like, he's able to extend out the bit via timing.
And then I would imagine there's a good, just like there's a ton and then you think it's done
and then beat and the one more.
Yeah.
Or maybe a couple of those.
Sure.
I just love how similar some of this stuff is to, cause I love pro wrestling and one of the big
things you do in pro wrestling is you, you just have gum in your mouth the whole time until like
you take a big kick, like maybe later in the match and you spit the gum out and if it's white,
it looks like you lost a tooth.
Yeah.
And then so it's like a big, like you really want to sell the impact of something.
That's what you do.
Yeah.
I love like there's all like all those same like carny tricks and stuff where when you cut yourself,
there's wrestlers that spray mist at each other and they have to like go under the ring and you
don't see them do it.
They are kind of carny tricks in a way.
Yeah.
Yes. And stunt men and professional wrestlers in my experience, there's a lot of similarities,
mostly because they'll take abuse, but still I love all the tricks.
There's a, there's a thing he does where he gets whipped and, and uh, scream.
Can I play it?
I almost have.
Yeah, of course.
Cause it's just, I don't know.
There's something I, no one's ever going to find this as funny as I truly do, but there's
something about the timing of it that is.
I like, like, you know, we haven't, we've never done an episode on them, but like you're hearing
like Wally Bogue, who was the guy who was at the golden horseshoe and like Steve Martin was very
influenced by him.
Right.
He was just a legendary Disneyland guy.
And like, I like hearing about these like legends that were not widely publicized essentially.
Yeah.
But in that, in some, in the like pre internet times, somebody who, who go, who you go to see
and who performs in front of lots of audiences every day looms pretty large.
Yeah.
And like, and also for a Steve Martin then where like there's no standup clubs exactly,
like you're maybe a standup in some cabaret, like general show that you could, so there aren't
like a lot of standups to go be influenced by.
So to him, like I drive, like I go up to Hannaheim and see this guy just demolish and be silly.
And it makes a lot of sense.
I don't know if this is more visual than audio, but you should be able to hear.
He gets whipped and then it's his response.
Oh, that works.
I know.
And his physicality, part of it is very, you know, kind of seventies campy on the edge of like,
I don't know about this, you know, it wouldn't fly today for sure.
But I think it's more innocent than all that, you know?
Sure. Sure.
Well, that's, you talk about playing to the rafters, what all this is.
And that worked off of a phone.
Yeah.
Onto a microphone that we weren't even looking at.
Like, oh yeah, that timing's funny regardless.
That's awesome.
Love learning about Bob.
And yeah, I don't know that this is like a whole, like it is more of a tent pole of theme park
worlds than you realize the Western stunt show and that they all have some of the same stuff.
And you usually probably got some like dynamite is thrown into a well and then either it's water
or it's like confetti.
The modern day theme park is built off of the Wild West.
I know.
That's just like the ground for almost everything that was laid upon.
And this one had quicksand in it too.
It had a quicksand.
Oh, that's fun.
Just another obsession of mine as a kid that I need to go into.
When you guys are really hurting for topics, we'll do quicksand at theme parks.
Wow.
Because I think this may be the only.
Wait, what is another, don't give it away, but what is another iteration of quicksand?
Single one.
Is there nothing at Disney like even in like.
Was there ever some.
A sign.
Indiana Jones or anything.
Yeah, like on big thunder or even the jungle cruise of like danger quicksand or there's not.
Yeah, I don't know.
Or like the old mine train through nature's wonderland.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Not off the top of my head.
Somewhere.
There's also something my, let me shout out a kind of local one, not local to here,
but like a regional one.
I remember going to a place called old Tucson in Arizona when I was a kid that my mom talks
about a lot still, because I must've been really lit up there that I think was a like
behind the scenes of movies thing, despite being in Tucson and it's behind the scenes
of Westerns, despite it's the nineties and nobody makes Westerns anymore.
But I think that thing's still kicking.
Really?
I had some of it.
So there maybe there's somewhere else that had a quicksand component or at least some
of these other things that we're talking about.
Yeah.
Looking old Tucson.
I feel like I actually do remember something on the old eighties tour.
Oh man.
Like right when you get on the tour around the lagoon area where they had filmed, like
they'll tell you like Killigan's Island and McHale's Navy that.
You're like what did they film there?
One establishing shot.
I don't know.
Yeah.
You know what's an old school tour thing that I love is just all the, I think it's
what became the battle of Galactica.
Battlestar Galactica.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And what probably now is where the Bad to the Future Simpsons ride is.
But it was just like you just go by a hill basically and I think they just release a
bunch of boulders and would just fall down the actual hill.
That sounds great.
Getting caught right before they hit you.
Yeah.
That whole tour originally started off was just so much random stuff, a burning house.
Then when they put the Battlestar Galactica thing in, I remember there was also a Battlestar
Galactica like Cylon shooting a flame throughout the house which they added.
Then they added Hannibal Animatronic in a Jeep flame throwing the house from A-Team.
Oh really?
It was.
Wait at the same time or it was replaced?
It replaced it.
Because that would be great if they were teaming up.
Hannibal and a Cylon.
Well it's the kind of odd team up that.
That is how Universal does it.
Yes which we can get into with this other.
Well yeah let's talk a little, let me really pronounce, I'd be correct to say Konan.
Yeah.
The Barbarian to separate from your current collaborator.
It took me a real time to go from Konan to Conan and now I can't go backwards.
Yes yeah.
Two dominant phases of my life.
Yeah right.
Yeah.
Yes yeah what looped largest in your childhood.
Yeah and then Schwarzenegger was recently on Conan's podcast.
Oh yeah right.
Conan and Conan and all of our heads were spinning.
We didn't know, none of us knew what to do.
What did he, what did he call Conan O'Brien?
Oh good question.
Because I feel like his regular accent.
I heard that.
Would lead to Conan.
I think he said Conan.
He did say Conan but I actually think because with the German you'd say like Conan here but
you go Conan.
Conan yeah yeah yeah.
It was just on co.
Austrian yeah.
I'm not entirely sure but I think he got it right.
Yeah yeah.
Credit to Conan O'Brien for taking over the name pop culture.
I know.
There was probably a while there where still he's having television success but he's not
the primary pop cultural Conan.
Yeah my mom still refers to him as Conan.
As Conan.
And I think we talked about this on the show that he had finally eclipsed Conan the barbarian but
the singer Conan Gray was getting more Google results than he was and like were we in like
are we on the cusp of a third Conan?
Oh no.
Well there was the scare of Detective Conan the anime.
Oh yeah.
Am I right in that?
I think so.
Yeah yeah.
So maybe internationally that has taken over but.
Conan Nolan was like a reporter for a while too but that never.
So whatever market he was in he might have usurped him.
But Conan the Barbarian.
Conan the Barbarian a sword and sorcery spectacular.
This thing was amazing.
What a name.
Yeah absolutely and I was so glad you brought this up because nobody has and I can't imagine
you got to do it Mike but it was definitely it was still there.
This ran from 83 to 94.
It ran in 94?
Yeah yeah so I got to see it as a kid and it like it left a huge impact on me like because
that's one of those like I had a really formative one for my birthday when I was seven which
would have been in there and to be that close not to give it away but to be that close to
a big fire breathing dragon and to have done Disneyland and like Disneyland's nice but
it's gentle and like oh Universal is a whole other ball game.
Yeah.
It's dangerous here.
It's gonna send you right into puberty.
What you need for the transition.
Mike do you watch this and like oh god if only I could have.
Could have become a man watching it.
Yeah yeah yeah.
I've been less stunted today.
Yeah I like all this stuff.
I was not a Conan kid.
I wasn't either actually yeah.
Yeah me and I've never seen either film still.
So yes I should I probably right either good right.
Yeah I haven't seen them in years either it was more just like same thing with Waterworld
and even Miami Vice but once they were stunt shows it was like I'm in you know.
Yeah yeah it does not matter yeah.
Yeah yeah and well some of the stunt shows is like the perfect that's the best version
of the IP.
Yeah yeah yes because it's live in person in your face.
But it's all yeah this is very it's like watching it you're like
this is all like the nonsense that I like.
Like people are so true jacked people and dragons and fire and just a guy talking like this
and all of that.
So yeah I think I would have been pretty into it.
I would also have been very scared watching it.
Yeah I definitely was.
I'm sure was happening yeah.
Yeah what you can't get from watching it on YouTube though is
the first of all you enter through what used to be the it's the facade of a giant castle
because it was a Dracula's show comedy kind of like special effects show and they're prior to this.
Yeah but what you don't get is the damp smell because there's like a water rain curtain that
was amazing so the whole thing when you're sitting down there's a steady rain that's happening
that's like opaque and you can't see through it and then when the show begins
that part's like a curtain.
Oh wow.
They turn it off in succession so it just opens from the center
and so there's like that wonderful theme park water smell like you know from
Splash Mountain or the log ride.
Or very ET.
I feel like yeah I got you're like unlocking that obviously so because the universal had
ET and then City Walk used to have this like rainforest store that had the same smell and
water everywhere and mustyness and I didn't realize this too.
Yeah.
It's all over there.
And you're sitting on and this was the same for all the stunt shows to this day even Water World
these kind of like ridged aluminum benches that have a sound and a feel and you know.
And yeah like the Animal Actors benches.
Yeah.
Like yeah just regular you're seeing a little kids baseball game.
Yes.
Or no you're on.
Like bleachers.
Yeah exactly yeah and there's you know there's wonderful stereophonic sound that you don't get
anywhere else even in the movie it was never quite this clear and there's lasers already
happening because lasers are so big in the 80s and lasers factor pretty heavily in this show.
And like there's a lot of we'll discover as we talk about it I think there's a lot of
theme park first certainly universal firsts but I like just doing a big recent property I think
was a big deal at the time and kind of not exactly what they did and thus that involved
a custom score by Basil Polidorus.
Oh yeah who did the movie.
Yes yeah and Robocop.
Yeah the music is awesome in this.
Yeah Robocop too so like that's pretty I don't think that had been done that like you get the
actual people who did the movie to do this.
And there's a big sense of anticipation I should have mentioned this with the Wild West Stunt
Show too that there's always some kind of pre-show entertainment and in the Cowboy one
it was a guy named Samir Kamun who's still alive and he would do Charlie Chaplin bits.
Oh yeah.
And I'm trying to remember what the Conan one was.
Yeah I don't know yeah some like there's usually yeah some like goofy MP guy.
There's like a gestury type guy.
Was it?
Yeah I mean there's a video I saw of it I'm not sure exactly where the main show starts and
maybe that was actually part of the main show but there's like a gestury kind of guy who's
like kind of goofing around a little bit before the show.
But there's similar to the that you don't realize it's happening in the plant in the audience
there's always yeah you're anticipating what it's going to be and then maybe you don't catch second
one of the like comic relief guy coming out.
So you're like only like 45 seconds in you go oh something's happening on a real
awake because there's like laughter's moving through the crowd because it's happening in a
specific part of the crowd.
Oh yeah yeah so it's got to hit you and maybe there's a delay that's a magical little feeling.
And there's something about this one being indoors where none of the other ones really were.
Right.
That it was climate controlled and it may be a little too cold and.
Yeah yes you know what's weird it's a I discovered much like the amphitheater
which started outdoor and then got enclosed this venue I think the seating was there so when you
were there still as of a couple years ago it's probably the still the same seating setup that
was outdoor pre 1980 which strangely was for a makeup demonstration show that happened outside.
Really weird.
So they really like the building around it.
Yeah yeah yeah the castle was built we got the seats now let's just build a cat.
Did that save that much money?
Yeah really.
Then I don't know.
So that's not to be confused with they had an early special effects show that you could
volunteer in and purchase a VHS copy of back in the days before most people even had VHS
and it was like really expensive.
Right yes insanely expensive takes.
Like an airplane crash movie that they would shoot all these scenes from and then see it by the end.
Yes was that have we ever talked about that before I've I've always I've just like in
lists of everything they ever had seen I think it was based on airports.
It was because volunteers would jump into tanks of water and things that really yeah and I remember
being a grow to make a I know or do I think they swapped it I don't remember but I wanted to be in
that so bad.
Is the last thing they did like that the Star Trek thing where they would you would get like a VHS
of like yeah maybe dad looking like an idiot wearing an outfit yeah I think so I think there's
no more of those left.
This this space turned into the special effects stages show yeah which my wife downstairs.
Oh really as a host.
Her about that or do wow oh I don't know.
She hated it.
Oh really.
So much to memorize and she did it so infrequently that she'd have to remember.
Oh yeah.
Oh my god yeah and then actually on keys of the kingdom Mark McConville comes on and he talks
about a night where a very wealthy couple from Asia bought out Universal Studios presumably
he thinks because they Disney wouldn't let him so he could propose to his fiance or his hope
is soon to be fiance they bought out the entire park every element of the park had to be on
standby including Waterworld if these two people wanted to come just two people and do it but
including the special effects show which he pointed out is an absurd prospect because if
the two of them came in the way that the show works is that the they need a volunteer volunteer
has to disappear backstage for almost 30 minutes so that would leave this fiance seated in the
theater watching it by herself.
Wow did it make it to them.
I don't believe so I don't believe they ever went to a lot of it yeah.
Oh my god that's crazy but yeah that was where that that's what it was just kind of inexplicably
in a castle theater yeah and now the castle theater finally is gone it's been there since 1980
and just got taken out this year right for the Fast and Furious coaster yeah.
Oh that kills me.
Yeah sorry to tell you sorry to break technology progress.
For a roller coaster?
Yeah.
Fast Furious no less?
It looks really it's gonna be awesome.
You know what I shouldn't speak because I couldn't couldn't I can't stand the Transformer
movies but that Transformer ride is awesome.
Yeah there we go.
It really is.
I don't think I like it.
I like we've had an on we've many times gone into the the war of is that better than Rise of the
Resistance.
The new Star Wars right.
Which was a point Mike has named an on.
You know that is a that's a good question.
My argument is.
You might be the first person to say it's a good question.
Everyone thinks I'm insane but my argument is just that the Transformers ride even though
I'm not a fan of the movies gives you everything you would want from Transformers and Rise of
the Resistance leaves me wanting.
Mike I might have to agree with you.
Wow.
I know that's blasphemous because people adore the Rise of the Resistance.
The first time this anyone said this.
I agree with me.
Uncanny Valley element with Rise of the Resistance that left me cold where Transformers.
I feel cold from it except for when you're in the spaceship with Lieutenant Beck that's the
only warmth I feel on the ride.
I agree.
I agree and there's something about Transformers being uncanny valley like the definition of
uncanny valley and that their machines but they're not trying to be humans.
I was really thrown by Rise of the Resistance when you get into that first room of all the
stormtroopers or you're in the little shuttle and they've empowered all the regular Disney
ride operators to be Imperial commanders but like still have a Disney name tag which how
they don't see the irony of the evil Empire.
And it's like yeah like in the movie it's always like Lieutenant Hux or something but here it's
just you know Commander Chad.
From Maine.
From Maine.
Yeah yes and who's favorite.
Favorite movie The Rescuers.
Yeah that's no joke and that took me out in like actually to Disney's you know probablyest.
It ruined the magic for me I hate to use those terms but I kind of want I want some old craggy
man or woman playing these parts get an Agva Union performer instead.
Letting I don't mean letting because like it's great that the regular performers
or the cast members get to do that but when they're just kind of like
just doing a work a day job where they're just like all right everybody over here and then
some of them get too into it and it feels a little like actually dangerous in a way.
You know like.
I'm gonna hurt me in there I will be entrapped.
Yeah that's true you know and I know I know Jason would agree on the Union front that the
I mean that's a lot of the weakness of Galaxy's Edge as a whole is that the choice that like
sure no the regular cast will get to do all of the we don't need to pay for stunt shows for example
to happen in all of these empty spaces that were built only for stunt shows to happen.
It's like a huge shell of disappointment each time you feel like you're being set up with
something and it doesn't come.
Yeah yeah I remember having a real moment.
This is the first time yes anyone has agreed with me on this.
Okay I'm with you.
I don't think Jason would like tilt the scales I think he's more on my side but also on the
side of chaos.
That's true he loves chaos as well.
This is a very chaotic opinion.
It is but I think there's some behind some of my chaos there's some logic going on.
I see it.
Yeah and it's not just that I don't get to see my friends from the movies I like more.
Meaning what?
Like I'm like the whole thing is just based around the new movie.
Yeah.
The last three which I'm like why wasn't it all nine like why can't we include all of it
but I'm just saying there's a heart that's missing from it.
I agree I really agree.
If it's the ultimate Star Wars ride which I don't think there ever will be a more expensive
bigger scale ride they're missing something.
It's missing something from it.
I think maybe this opinion relies on a harder Star Wars fandom than I have.
It's possible.
Which is a low bar to me I'm not a super Star Wars person.
I am too and maybe that's why I'm yeah because they went they took such pains to make that whole
land kind of free from the the settings of the movies Batuu doesn't exist in the movies.
Yeah.
Anything like that but then you had to land so hard on this and then have nothing of the original
trilogy in there.
It's weird well and it's also though all the movies and the lander it's also like we want you to
think about Tatooine.
Yeah.
We made a bunch of sand planets but they're none of them are Tatooine.
And then Batuu is not Tatooine but it looks like it and you're like well what.
Well it's not it can't be Tatooine because they need big cliffs to block the freeways
and parking structures.
Oh yeah beggars canyon I mean come on.
There's places on Tatooine that could look could have like elevation.
Yeah.
Right I don't know I don't know the full topography.
Mos Eisley area you're thinking yes it's there's like one story two stories maybe.
But then again they're looking at Mos Eisley down from some perch of a giant canyon at one
point when he says that's scum and villainy.
Right.
Look Disney I mean just we're here.
Yeah but this is it.
Yeah.
It's not never getting last.
Juncture.
Yeah.
That's it.
I mean mainly I know that mainly what you bring into any discussion like this is a Dexter Jetster
bias.
I know how much you want Dexter.
What would be better though would it be just sort of the general sand planet or at least
having like a weird like Coruscant style like fake not fake the future 50s.
Yeah.
Thing with a diner and a big robot that had an apron and it would be nice if he got into
the booth with you but I don't think that's possible.
But that's what he does.
Since Haunted Car Wash you want proximity now you want people.
That intimacy I always talk about is what I'm.
Stinky guys.
Steaming cup of Jawa juice.
I want him in those three movies.
The big promise for me of the sequels was going to be that now we can see
Han Solo and Watto or Dexter Jetster interact.
That's what you wanted.
Yes.
Okay.
You are losing me.
I'm on record.
Wait you thought you thought there was a chance of Watto in Force Awakens.
Here's how I.
With Han Solo.
Well I don't know that I thought it was a chance but I thought that's obviously what I want.
But I the world's coming together and I've gotten more fond of the the prequels as I've
gotten older but I was obviously a little disappointed with them.
But to me you go okay that stuff happened.
Let's make that stuff cool now because there's a lot of cool ideas in those movies.
So it's fun now to put them all together and see what you could kind of come up with.
With better tech without the CGI that holds people back.
Sleepy director.
And the green screen.
Yeah so you go okay let's see.
One of our friends has said no no no it's minimalism.
That's the excuse for why everything's kind of like plotting.
So yeah when they completely ignored the prequels and the sequels I was not a fan of that either.
But there's a lot of fun stuff there's a lot of fun stuff you could do.
Yeah.
And no.
But again but to tie it back that I you know I guess I've always had this thing like like with
Waterworld and Conan the Barbarian where like I don't theme but the theme park attractions come
first and I know it's insane that that's the case with Star Wars for me.
But it is which is why Rex is the top Star Wars character in my mind.
I just I come at it from the literally I went on the ride and fell in love with the ride.
I get it.
Before the movies.
Yeah oh really.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Interesting.
No just the weird I mean because they're you know we're I must have done star tours before
like special edition re-releases were out so.
Rex got to me first what can I say.
So those other those side characters Luke and Leia they're okay.
Yeah they're not filling the blanks.
But this thing I mean I loved this despite not knowing the mythology then not knowing it now.
It's it's it's very exciting and you also get I mean you feel like real danger you feel real
heat and maybe in more ways than one because this is a little bit of a sexy show.
Yeah.
Yes.
If I could read from a newspaper review at the time.
I love this.
Youngsters will identify with the heroic Conan.
Fathers will appreciate the near nude statuesque red Sonya.
Fathers.
Like this pushes you into puberty you know.
Oh yeah yeah yeah.
This made a man out of me.
This is clearly.
And wakes your dad up from a sleepy day.
Yeah it's oh yeah.
And then I actually when I took this screenshot I didn't realize how condescending the next
sentence is.
So fathers near nude red Sonya.
Mothers will enjoy the choreography.
Come on.
You've got the most built man of all time.
Yes.
Conan the Barbarian and the mothers can't enjoy that.
Yes let a mom enjoy that.
Let a mom enjoy a beef.
Most moms are not going home to a beef cake.
No.
Let them get it here.
Now is a good time for me to talk about something I mentioned early on in that I scoured and scoured
looking for it today.
I hope it's not been taken out but I couldn't find it.
It is a YouTube video that someone took on their home camera and it was like a mom like
a middle western mom in from out of town.
Conan the guy who plays Conan comes out in full costume after the show not as part of
his job just to get a hot dog at one of the stands in the park and he's just talking to
this mom so he's just talking to camera like where are you from.
OK where are you.
Where are you this.
Where are you that.
And you can tell he's kind of out there to get a little attention.
Yeah of course.
But he's you know she's like well what do you do.
I'm an actor and you know blah blah blah blah and he's just there oiled tan little
leather straps around his biceps and the whole wig and everything just talking putting ketchup
on a hot dog out of a little packet.
If I remember it correctly it's been a long time since I've seen it and I feel like this
is how I did when I was a kid with the movie Halloween is that I've dreamed about it and
it's changed in my mind that this may never even existed for all I know.
No I'm certain it existed.
I don't know all the details but I find it find the video send it.
I'll look again when I get home because it was hard to find on my phone and I'll also
send a link to the best Bob Rochelle video to you.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
we'll post it we'll keep getting the word out.
He deserved to get recognized though so I understand that instinct.
It's like yeah because we've talked about like anytime people do voices like for a living I
feel like they do the voices constantly and I think part of it is because like I do the voices
you need to know because and I get that because you're like.
I am so fam I should be so famous.
I agree that I do a little bit of work in that realm and I've been doing these zoom table reads
for a show and all of those regular actors when we get on we have to do tech checks and they just
are just doing their voices back and forth to each other unasked for.
Yeah.
It is like almost compulsive where I just kind of sit there going wow.
Yeah it's amazing.
I don't know if this is great or not.
It's amazing but I think yeah I think part I in my mind part of it is just because like
we do it and people don't know.
So it's like gotta I gotta do it.
And it's like I'm just a normal looking man or woman and then I can do this insane magic
yeah showing us people like yeah like at least just their eyes expand and at most like cry
depending on the character.
Yeah well now speaking of magic trick the whole show starts off with Conan Conan.
Conan speaking of being like just a puny little comic sidekick character coming in.
And he turns east.
You don't need to know the movies at all for this show.
He gets transformed into Conan the barbarian in the beginning of the show.
Is that not a thing from the movies is that made up here that a little guy becomes big Conan.
I think he's just raised I don't think so but they do do this amazing transformation
where the little kid and there's like a wizard with him or something and he steps on this
pedestal in the in the kind of downstage area and fog shoots up all around him in a tight circle.
And it gets so opaque and by the time it goes away he's Conan the barbarian with the big sword.
And that's so great and you know like the best thing about theme park stuff like this too is
when the fog shoots all you can hear there's music blaring but all you hear is the like pneumatic
that you smell the fog and it's like when the explosions go off you feel the heat and it smells
like gasoline and yes it's great. Yeah that's the thing I hope never fully goes away from universal
is the gasoline smell and something I liked about doing the tram tour was like every every time
really hit you in jaws like oh my god yeah it's just real and at night it was nuts yeah like god
if it was a cold night the fire is so hot and it's so smelly it's so weird that there's no
underselling how nostalgic that is to me I will feel that or smell it or see it and I am
immediately transported back to my youth in the most wonderful way you know like there's good
nostalgia and bad nostalgia and that is harmless wonderful just healthy nostalgia that I love.
Yeah close to an explosion controlled explosion. What more insane thing could you do as a kid
and it must have made you like want to be on film sets and like just like this tactile stuff
which is like increasingly less and less in movies. And it would never be as satisfying as
this thing that's pre-packaged for you they shot Masters of the Universe in the 80s in my town of
Whittier and I went to see them film a little bit and it was part of it yeah in uptown Whittier
and one of this should have been like on paper thrilled me and it was one of the like bad soldiers
getting shot off a crate and they just it took so long and when you finally see it and then the
sound effect was just like and he just kind of fell back into some boxes and it was so boring
but that's why Universal Studios is so amazing because they just they glitz it up. Yeah yeah oh
sure yeah yeah really spectacular in the moment. That film I believe directed by yes it is the
person who put this show together a person who we try like to avoid talking about named Gary Goddard.
Look it up everyone. Bad Googling to do. Director of Masters of the Universe also was more had more
of a theme park career and was responsible for a lot of Universal show. Jurassic Park, The Ride,
T2 is a figure whose name has to be mentioned once in a while but as there's a very bad thing
associated with the guy unfortunately but so but he did he was part of putting this together and
the name Jay Stein who I mentioned earlier I think kind of a more traditional executive a real
cigar chomping kind of guy who was set in his ways and the ways at the time to go back to the
Wild West stunt show stuff, Universal's ways at the time were volunteers come up from the audience
and you learn about movie making and that is not the show that anybody wanted to do with this. I
think they were picturing what became the model of this kind of thing forever which is you're just
fully immersed in the universe and there's no breaking of the fourth wall. This one it's a live
blockbuster happening in front of you so apparently what happened was either that guy or some sub
executive I think somebody said a very like the note-y kind of move it's like anticipating the
note that then doesn't come or the guy thinks the opposite basically they were told like this show
this is okay but they're gonna want something where like volunteers come up so make sure you
get that in there and then the executive Jay Stein is reading their proposal and hearing about it
and then he's like why are there people coming up from the audience that has nothing to do with any
of this I don't want that in there like well we put it in because we thought we had to for your
sake but that was this was a real like universal like a real theme park juncture point where like
we can start departing from those things and just do a movie live on stage and I think there was a
lot that was tough about convincing people to do this because there was a lot of money that needed
to be spent literally the old another old cigar chompin universal guy Lou Wasserman oh yeah
personally weighed in and said it was the finale of it was supposed to be three giant snakes and
then it was costing too much money and it became one giant snake and then Lou Wasserman himself said
people don't like snakes everybody's afraid of snakes don't put a snake in there and they said um
the same size but it's a dragon yes go do it oh my god yeah weird odd calculation yeah people
don't like snakes but isn't that what you and that is scare them with them and also from the movie
yeah wouldn't you be scared wouldn't you be scared of a dragon as well like a giant snake isn't
something you encounter the dragon is also like as close to a snake that's what could be and why
the point is to not like snakes it's the scary villain at the end and yeah he must not have
liked snakes I know or he was like Indiana Jones has taught the world that they don't like snakes
yeah he's just seen the movie maybe yes that was there that was recent enough I guess yeah Raiders
had just happened um but I think in general also with with all these guys with the cigar chompers
it was like um I literally they said why should we spend all this money on this what could be
of fly by night like is sure Conan did okay oh my god recently but like nobody's gonna remember
it and you know what we have already are these monster properties and we have a perfectly good
Castle Dracula show with the monsters why don't we do some stuff with them or make a new show
about the monsters and they had to convince them like well what's more exciting hey we made this
Dracula show a little bit better or we have a new show based on a very recent big hit movie
another big like universal juncture point I think yeah that kind of bit him in the ass with water
world where now the show has far exceeded yes true and yet but it's like it almost is the main form
of I mean guaranteed more people have seen that show than the movie yeah we've been probably we
I suppose we've time uh talked about this recently they're building new show like water world is
overseas they're building new water world stunt shows is that right yeah that's how popular it is
where it's an entire land where like yes yes it's a land where where in China Beijing I think yeah
yeah so there's like the world of harry potter and then there's water world presented as equals
um but anyway but let me now having said all that let me bring up a little about this castle
dracula yes so what you saw you said you you or or just or were aware of it no I did see it as a kid
I don't remember virtually anything I feel like I remember someone being stretched on a rack like a
volunteer being brought in and they had a special effects rack where someone was tortured and
stretched whoa is that does that ring a bell not that I saw but I also there's not a lot of material
I don't doubt that that was a lot of like there's like a youtube video that has a little video and
then stills but I don't I never looked into this one that's what I'm gonna do when I get home
apparently um you know there was no a lot of the info I'm getting about the the history of Conan is
from the book universal versus Disney by Sam Genoway which is a great book um but so and I
think I'm getting this from that book as well that nobody made any bones about it was just like
do you think you can help the castle dracula show people went to go see it they said this show
stinks this is a terrible show it only ran for two years all told I think came out of the gate
a stinker very bad what years do you know 80 to 82 yeah I would have certainly gone okay okay yeah
um I some things that we know about this show you're right there's only like five seconds of
footage right um I'm not sure which part you're gonna bring up but I um do you know the celebrity
component not the character who shows up who's unexpected because I'm talking yeah I like the
character yeah you I don't know I think maybe I don't know what you're talking about let me
let me say my thing this is kind of weird okay so one uh thing that sounds okay about the show
there's a live dracula and live monsters and stuff and then also some animatronics there was a phantom
of the opera evidently in this but oh yes yes rudimentary and I know what this is uh okay yes
at least when this attraction opened the phantom of the opera was voiced by Paul oh my god oh that
does ring a bell I was looking for it does that take you but do you remember that unmistakable
voice faintly they said that went away quickly though because it was so recognizable really so
it might not have people out of it yeah Paul Lindish yes he couldn't really hide did they replace him
with someone else known uh I think just a regular maybe just a regular monster a regular person
wow but there you go I might have gone to the small window of time when Paul Lind
there was the Paul Lind theme park attraction you had the dream of yours I got so excited when I
read this yeah yeah sorry I missed and sorry nobody filmed it seemingly yeah is that his
only theme park presence there's there's a on Spotify at least a couple years ago there was
something called like Castle Dracula narrated by Paul Lind oh weird and he would just be like
Renfield's Renfield and it was like played straight it wasn't like he was doing a comedic
version oh I want to hear that I feel it was like 12 minutes long and he's just like reading a story
and doing the dialogue that's amazing yeah I'm gonna kill you old devil it's the Halloween
special of course which yeah we have yet to cover on a full episode of the show inexplicably
that's have you just revealed that you follow Paul Lind on Spotify yeah you get emails about
any updates of Paul Lind's discography on social media years ago that that was one of my like top
Spotify because it was really lining up with you here today yeah it was kids it was just his
performance of kids from bye bye birdie okay yeah and then Castle Dracula wow maybe something from
Charlotte's Web I don't know well you'll probably like Bob Rochelle's performance that sounds like
I will yeah yeah yeah but the other thing I assume what you were going to bring up is that
uh the the character uh gets involved because you've got it's it's Dracula it's the Phantom
it's it's all of Universal's great monsters including the Incredible Hulk
the loo for no style Incredible Hulk you know when your mind is like I don't trust my mind that
I would have never in a million years thought you'd say that but then when you did I can't
tell if it's power of suggestion or I'm going like yeah that does sound familiar I don't know
I'm not sure it's and it's funny in the old like eight millimeter video or it's you just see a
figure staggering out really far away and blurry so you're like Frankenstein right no no no Incredible
Hulk can you send me that after we're done yeah yeah yeah absolutely we have to we'll do a link
exchange for sure played the Hulk just went right on to play Conan too oh probably oh yeah yeah they'd
have the bod absolutely um that's so insane you talk about uh property chaos especially given the
marvel of it there was a time where Frankenstein and the Incredible Hulk would be hanging out
they were like well they're both monsters so green monsters yeah so I guess he's scary and
misunderstood he's not he's not unlike a Frankenstein happy yeah we're gonna have to
rewrite we're gonna have to in an episode with Jason make sure that we say that out loud because
we we know we'll get a big that's great big high laugh out of him on that one we talked about this
briefly before we recorded but that universal is the grab bag of intellectual property where there
was a point where you could get Lucille Ball, Shrek, and Harry from Harry and the Hendersons
within a 10-foot radius yes you know walking around yeah yeah yeah um not not to summon uh
a guy who everybody should talk about less but do you know that photo of Trump promoting
the apprentice with a lineup of characters all dressed like him in his signature too big of tie
no and it's this like absolutely insane some of the characters we've just mentioned they're all
doing a your fire gesture and it's uh Frankenstein the um mummy the mummy uh Shrek and Curious George
what a lineup huh that says it that's the vibe
I just it's the mummy wearing khakis yeah no one else is wearing khakis
oh oh you're right you're absolutely right yes I wasn't looking at the detail
I wish it's a suit and a jacket and tie on top of bandages I wish Lucille Ball was in that photo
though I know that would be the only way I don't keep Lucy away you're right you're right you're
right there's also like Groucho and Harpo for a while and yeah Charlie Chaplin and yeah I wish
that they would do this with just like current actors that just that a guy's not not playing
the character just playing Chris Pratt I'm younger I'm Chris Pratt hello now that's probably legal
because when you're a public figure if it's not intellectual property does his walk around as Chris
Pratt I'm surprised they don't have look-alikes you know like on Instagram there's like a Jack
Nicholson and a Bruce Willis who are just just living off of you're talking about sunglasses Jack
yeah it must be the sunglasses Jack yeah why don't they just hire that guy I think that's a good
idea yeah there was a when I uh the like graduation party when I uh got to officially become a tour
guide there was a look-alike of the new uh then new host of the train tour videos Whoopi Goldberg
and there was a moment where she was introduced and initially everybody thought did they get Whoopi
to come to this party and then after two seconds oh and then you're just at the party and like
I don't want to talk to what am I gonna go talk to a Whoopi Goldberg look-alike what do we do now
and she seemed to be like by herself oh that's upset that really is a crossroads what do you do
um very strange um but anyway yeah Incredible Hulk in this show and then here's some things
I'm gonna pull this is from that book uh I mentioned Universal versus Disney maybe the
most insane aspect of this and they say this show was bad that it had to be taken out uh um for the
climax Jay Stein wanted bats to fly over the audience members heads but that was deemed too
dangerous so uh a guy Winnick I'm not sure their friend too um hired Ray Berwick to Ray Berwick
you know the bird guy Ray Berwick to train a flock of little green parrots to fly over the
audience's head who would be painted black using a special dye that's not good special is a I don't
like special dye you're very special parrots you get a very special dye it's called spray paint
yeah yeah I hate you line up um after three months of training it was time for a final run
through at the proper moment the cage door was lifted and all of the parrots flew toward the
stage took a hard left and flew out of the arena never to be seen again good good job escaping
the only way are those the famous green parrots that live in like I love maybe yes in the Burbank
area yeah in Pasadena they're there all the time I see weekly yeah yeah yeah yeah oh my god I love
to think those are the descendants of the Dracula's castle black parrots they might be that was the
rebellion that was the planet of the apes rebellion oh my god they've got about life pick up my daughter
and go look Glen theme park history they were very abused in the 1980s the only free now
the only way that could have been better is if like the parrots like attacked the spray painter
ate the spray painter to death I mean they managed to get a hold of the can spray it into his eyes
right right right him to death in a nod to his was the birds universal picture oh yes
yeah in the tradition of the property well then but then then the addendum to the story
Burwick started over using pigeons oh and I think that happened because in the in the little clip I
saw I saw little creatures go by and I thought did they have bats fly around I think that they
ended up now did they have to be sprayed I guess they would right because they did otherwise just
read his pigeons I think they did spray paint some fucking pigeons even black man's aren't
really gonna read his bats so no gray pigeons ain't gonna work the body shape is vastly different
why they just look like crows yeah at best at best yeah now everybody's like oh shit crows
yeah they should just unleash crows on the audience aren't they also the smartest birds
yeah although they're too smart to be stuck they would have turned they would have turned in
early they would have killed the guy earlier yeah yeah and that's their entire initial audience yeah
um so yes this had to be removed this sounds like one of the worst shows ever put together
I wonder if anyone has a video somewhere that's the thing is they have to they're
have somebody has yeah and it's just sitting there waiting there's like live we got I wonder
if it's like there's there's what was it was it ucla where we got an email from somebody we did
an episode about something called king koopa's cool cartoons which was a local like kind of bozo
show hosted by koopa from mario illegally no licensed officially licensed not not illegally
but cheap definitely cheap and like shitty looking where you'd show cartoons but there's only like
very a little bit of uh footage online but we got an email that like at the ucla campus there's a
couple episodes like in the library that you could like go and see and I wonder if you have to go
so we have to drive to the library physically we haven't done this yet you don't have to you get
yeah but I wonder like is there any other archive for like stuff like this or internally at universal
do they have that's the thing is that the guy we have this researcher for with gorillian russ
podcast and he I think it was him sorry he found archive footage of all the not stunt shows oh wow
through the orange county register oh so maybe maybe there is but you you have to know that
universal has archive footage of that whole thing you would think so I'm always impressed with
universal seemingly not being as together as disney oh for sure in that way having worked at both
and there were pluses and minuses but mostly pluses to working at universal because they were just
like sure cool to whatever you said yeah that's great that's nice to hear yeah I uh let's uh give
a little bit of love to this uh this giant dragon because that I mean it that's the star I really I
like remember my seat I remember my perspective on it despite being very young it's it's an
incredibly compelling uh visual uh 18 feet tall and had to rise up from 42 feet below and it comes
out of this yeah the centerpiece pit yeah after the bad guy turns in to this guy yeah I forgot that
part yes the uh the evil wizard and we're as mordor terris mordor so he gets killed because
above the pit is a giant like double staircase up to this thing if I remember correctly and
conan they do this cool trick where he stabs him in the neck basically like with the big sword and
the guy just kind of leans his head over the sword so it kind of looks like it's going through his
neck and he pulls it out and then that terris mordor does a high fall flip into the pit and
you think and then flame comes up I think yeah yeah and then you think he's won but no he's
turned into this giant dragon then they do this amazing coordination where the dragon shoots
lasers he also appears out of like a laser cloud or something and so conan has to be at certain
points on the stage for that laser to line up and hit a pyrotechnic so that he can run away from it
that's the other thing I love about these stunt shows is all the not the like dance or stunt
choreography but the kind of blocking that has to be precision for both safety and reality but is
always done by someone who's done it too many times to really care so they phone it in slightly
so they have to do exact precision placement but their acting is not there you know yeah yeah yeah
yes I remember conan being kind of energetic because also all the voices are dubbed so no one
has to like phone in an acting performance vocally oh right so it felt a little bit more
vibrant and still somehow very false that initial cry at the by the power of chrome is really great
I okay this is I apologize for saying this but I had to rewind this just it was on my computer
so the speakers weren't very good I didn't I kept not hearing the R when he kept saying that
by the power of calm yeah yeah I ruined it three times I knew he wasn't saying that I'm not crazy
but this is a sexy show yeah I was like he didn't say that it might as well have it sounded like
you said yeah and I've heard chrome before yeah so I didn't know that but I was like what did he say
there is a great behind the scenes video on the Conan's yeah spectacular you get to see them kind
of like below the stage and stuff like that kind of yeah and the little cubby that kind of that you
have to fall into and like getting lifted up initially yeah yeah must have been such a cool
I mean it's what you were chasing like making little snitch shows at home like the idea of this
little like town or in this case a temple where there's like lots of this hidden stuff and little
tricks and contraptions and that one is produced there's some um like personal behind the scenes
video of the wild wild west stunt show where you get to see inside all that like facade and everything
I want like okay I know that it's because it's a water show why the water world cast all goes into
a jacuzzi between the shows I really wish this happened for all of them I know they all need
rest jacuzzi feels good yeah any amount of physical activity so I wish there was just
always even Norman Bates on the tour he just when he's not coming out yes there's nothing you can't
see what's in the house throw a hot tub in there for that guy every eight minutes has to get out
and towel off get a fresh suit yeah like whoever's playing Woody Woodpecker just without the pants
part on yeah first part of the the suit is still on dip in there rest your legs yeah that would be
great yeah now this thing's so cool and also and then you got then you think about it um that the
the finale of this it's like a human-sized villain who you think dies and then but then no no no
turns into a giant dragon at the end and there's flames and lasers this is phantasmic before
phantasmic right and it's even the same dialogue uh the line from the wizard is you must face me
and all the forces of hell which is from that's literally from sleeping sleeping beauty and this
was a thing like I'm like we'll put this in as a nod uh are they gonna allow the word hell to be
and they recorded it with and without and nobody noticed at lawless universal so hell was mentioned
so it got this extra kick of edginess I remember that and I remember as a kid kind of going
at Disneyland Matt Gourley you you are grown up this is the puberty show this is stripping away
childish things it's it's uh it's hardcore I learned a lot there
where you became a man you know they do I was at Disneyland not not long ago too but Donald is
still wearing a little devil outfit and I was kind of impressed by them yeah and people I don't know
I don't think Disney acknowledges hell too yeah but it's a cute version of hell yeah I feel like
in the old days that would have been they would have moral moral quandary and now they're just
like Disney seems happy to piss off the right you know maybe maybe they're trying they're sticking
it to the Santas with Donald's little outfit yeah which always brings me back in Disney's corner
every time they lose me they they get me back in some yeah I know because during the strike you're
like yeah fuck Iger the worst which is correct that's correct that's the right opinion to have
but then he starts then on this then separately is the other issue where you're rooting for him
against the Santas crazy confusing time I don't know if you legacy yeah yeah yeah yeah from the
beginning always good stuff the most like melodramatically perfect place is probably
the most complicated company in American history yeah maybe next to Ford I don't know there's I
this is not the time to bring this up but I will bring it up uh there's somebody online who is sort
of like insinuating that Bob Iger actually screwed Michael Eisner over and that there's secrets that
haven't been revealed oh really like back to 25 years ago is that how he got to his place of power
that's what I that's what I'm reading into from these tweets so I'm very interested to see what
stabbed his back maybe he helped get him out the door when he was kind of asked yeah yeah how much
do you guys go into Disney conspiracy stuff at all do you it depends what it is you're probably the
conspiracy guy more so yeah to some degree why are you there's one on the top of your head
off the top of your head necessarily okay we covered a little just the like that you can't be
pronounced dead in Disney is not true right yeah yeah yeah a lot of it's just not true
there was one of the Disney podcasts I was just actually going through and they were listing all
of these off and saying most of them are true but yeah those those things like those we don't I don't
feel like I'm going to talk about those that often yeah these aren't conspiracies but recently
there's been a wave of things where I've just been that are kind of accepted online vaguely as fact
but aren't sourced such as Michael Eisner being the golfer in Soren if you've heard that one
no I know uh yeah that's one of those that's and I believe I and that's the thing I would say to
people you know it's credible for sure I mean yeah yeah but then I just started thinking about it and
there's no real proof of it and when you think about like he's not gonna wait around while they
do helicopter flybys and that's like a whole day of coordination and he doesn't like golf either
yes yeah yeah the fact that there was no actual he would have yeah he would have talked about it
a ton that's a guy who loves the camera so I like the little ones that are even more maybe germane
to this podcast like the turkey legs or emu legs these were all by the way these were all addressed
on this podcast I just listened to and that's not true right not true yeah yeah I forget I gotta I
mean they look like it but they're yeah they're not the other recent one has been that Space
Mountain doesn't go that fast and that it's simulated via fans this is well it doesn't go
that fast as fast as you think I think that's for sure yeah we're trying to figure out exactly what
where this came from and what it means because there's no fans blowing like right next to the
you can't see you see what the lights on there are no giant fans this much we know but we're
wondering is there some other Jason's really be able to represent very fast you're more feeling
like the centrifugal force in that ride than you are and the darkness itself is making you
it's 35 miles an hour I think to fight to read amidst the centrifugal force those fans that have
to it's got to be heavy duty fans yeah I don't think air conditioning is gonna do it yeah it
would be have to be heavy duty air condition listeners have heard these things yeah yeah these
are you've talked about this before yeah our micro talking I am certain it's my own conspiracy
theory the goat is holding an actual live stick of dynamite with just a really really slow fuse
has yet to go we haven't addressed that before less than millimeter microscopic amounts but one day perhaps in like 27 years it'll actually
longest game of russian roulette or like musical chairs of course well we just need to keep an eye
on it then whatever goes even an inch sure does probably um I well anything else about this uh
about this show it's so aladdin to me too yeah oh yes going after the special item the odd the
dragon's eye isn't there like also like a voice that's kind of yes the cave of wonders voices in
this and then it's the same as like the live aladdin show and the movie where it's like the bad guy
turns into a big right not a snake well he got jufar turns into a snake yeah but this is a dragon
so it was almost exactly the same that's true as well yeah yeah there's a real disney borrowing
universal borrowing disney yeah you know cat chasing its own tail thing here yeah the room you too
I feel like generally things like this I think this this helps kick off uh as I was saying
recent blockbusters and you're feeling the heat and it's it actually seems a little dangerous
and it's not a little kiddy thing like disney and they start disney starts doing a little more in
this area and that that feels like it has to come from universal carving out that path is what
universals feel is yeah because they around this time too not just really getting the hanging going
too and they're probably losing a lot of teenagers and adults right right yeah I mean yeah seriously
like I remember being was born and raised here and you love disney but you hit an age where you're
kind of like ah disney's for kids yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah universal and magic mountain right when
you're in high school and stuff that was the destination sure sure well and then and then
knots like had like a teen dance club and then disney was like we're doing it and then disney
was like tamer and where's a little bit was that what yeah yeah yeah studio do studio k
that's what i was just yes yeah in fact studio k was preferred um yeah yeah my sister was more
of that age she was three years older and they would go there yeah oh wow wow the rumors are true
um this yeah this thing this thing seems so cool vibrant memories of it also and then one other
just the set is like immaculate and they kind of kept it they kind of other shows I think beetle
juice this was replaced essentially by beetle juices graveyard review which had been at more
of an outdoor venue and they moved it inside they didn't really change the set I think the special
effects stages had some of the set too we've seen all these other things also that were filmed in
this venue because it was giant just flashing onto something really what it was on that note
I forgot so you said that this went to 94 yeah in 94 I was on a game show called shop till you drop
oh yeah I was shot inside and I remember going oh my god this is the Conan Conan castle what really
it was in there it wasn't supermarket sweep it was the one that was on right after it people often
oh yeah oh my wife's very fond of it she'll be so excited yeah they may recreate the mall the mall
and that was inside the castle now that I think when we finished our episode we were just
like typical universal like okay you're done and we just went into the park wow really sweet
wait a minute and was that so was it just built in front of was that like uh like all the
or was the Conan stuff gone I don't know I don't remember because that set was so high
and you it's a game show so they were very particular about you being in the green room
and when they brought you to set you took a very clear path so I can't remember if I saw the Conan
set there or not but it definitely was in there but that is it is like a double decker set on
yeah right yeah yeah okay so that made sense is like a yeah it's got like established seating
and you can build high interesting how'd you do we we did really well wow normally it was a uh
like a couple man and woman and they did a battle of the sexes week and it was me and
Jeff Davis who you might know from um whose line is anyway and actually he's on keys
oh wait from the in the office too that guy I think somebody else I don't think he was on maybe
but he played Harry at uh Harry and the hendersons at universal in the 90s also worked at Disney um
and he and I went on there and just like with I say this with no pride we just obliterated the
poor other people wow one every guy we went on a trip to Rome wow we I got red leather shoes and
a handbag from my grandma uh we just won everything you could possibly win on that
show didn't know that you could pay taxes on it so we surrendered a bunch of it but oh I think I was
confused I think there's a chip Davis and now I recognize now oh wait yeah it's not Davis at all
okay then I'm totally wrong I've seen their friends before okay oh gotcha oh cool cool um
geez what a wow to walk the the hallowed halls of the hallowed mall of I love that game show too
yeah yeah I'm incredible I have that on VHS yeah still to this day oh wow wow geez wait and you
and then you do mall walk in another pocket so like so that ties right into this did you have
the mall interest then and did that make you want to get on that show no I think because there was
no you didn't need to declare your interest for malls because they were just everywhere and that
was just it wasn't a niche thing yeah yeah so I guess I did but I didn't know until it took they
took it away like probably most people feel yeah yeah yeah a piece of your your heart is missing
geez well uh yeah great great history in this place multiple great sets the other really quick
just to tie it together too uh perhaps part of a link exchange also we did a thing on our patreon
we were alerted to something called cyber mania 94 that was in this right uh I believe so yeah it
was this was a uh like a an award show for you know vr and cd roms and like oh my cyber stuff
and it was hosted by unbelievable I say that with no hyperbole the celebrity lineup is yeah it's all
on there it's all online okay here's what I need you to send me the the Dracula show backup stuff
this thing uh I'll send you a Bob Rochelle video and if I can find that Conan one of
just talking to some lady yeah yeah yes please um cyber mania 94 is is unbelievable if the
listeners if you haven't heard this on our patreon what if it was absolutely blew our
mind when talking about it and it was filmed in here so it's all spooky setting but it's
up but then it's all host Leslie Nielsen talking about the cyber wave and the hackers are the wave
of the future is it on the Conan set or just in the oh my god um which I love because it's mostly
a huge pit they just yeah yes or what they might use it it's somebody might fall in a pit I'm not
sure but then there's one part where he goes outside he's like I don't know doc brown shows
up I actually don't remember why doc brown has anything to do with it basically he ends up then
going into he has like a gun battle in the wild west stunt show set and he does the big finale
where the set falls onto the buster keaton thing where the window is perfectly uh over him and he
doesn't get hurt so there is this magical weird award show that ties together both of our topics
today as well as Leslie Nielsen these stunt shows would show up in so many random places there is a
kids singing talent show in Australia that then visited and did a whole musical number on that
set and then Bob Rochelle's in it in a while stuntman there was a show called out of this world that
was like a syndicated show do you remember it was like a girl who would talk to her alien dad
swing on a star yeah she got lost on the Miami Vice stunt show set they would there would always
be these episodes of people getting lost on these stunt shows or whatever like yeah well because
then you could just like do all the gags and you can just run you know a big fat liar was on the
the flash flood it well that's yes big fat liar just does every trick on the universal back line
i think it might have been days of our lives a soap opera that did like a whole week on the wild
wild wild west stunt show set where they got married on there or something there's a thunder
in paradise where hulk hogan did the indiana jones stunt show essentially oh my god that's right he
just does the whole thing um god bless these that's a little micro area sitcoms just doing a stunt
show yeah yeah i'm like this is so much better than whatever dumb story they would usually tell
show me the stunts
well geez this has been such a blast to talk to you about this it's given us some homework
well i'll have to be some yeah yeah the list keeps growing out of this world uh but well you know
we'll figure all that out off air but for now let me say matt gorley you survived
podcast the ride uh what a fun chat uh let's exit through the gift shop because i know you
definitely have something to plug let's talk a little more about keys to the kingdom oh i
don't know what else there is to say yeah you talk thank you guys for uh having me on and and
we talked about that show already and it's right up your listener's alley um you have me on saying
i survived but i think i thrive i leave with wind in my sailor talking to you guys so i don't know
why we haven't done it more often it's really fun yeah yeah we go anytime please please hit us up
what a blast if we do do a second season of keys to the kingdom i don't know if we will but if we
do we need to talk to you guys yes please absolutely i will dredge up whatever i can i feel
like i don't have anything that scandalous from my my transfer time um but i can i could fit in there
i'm sure you can i don't know why i didn't think of you in the first place we had some
really strange development process because it was originally an amazon audible show and we were um
got this deal done but the deal took longer than a television show and we had this exec who really
got it and knew of us and then he disappeared and our exec we replaced was with his former nuclear
arm specialist who's like giving us notes and then ultimately we got out of that did our own thing
with it and ended up better for both versions of it kind of tightened us in a little bit but also
we went back and loosened it up so oh wow wow so we like i said now that it's kind of more on our
plate we would really come look for things like this to talk about yeah yeah please i would love
to when you've had great people on too i just heard taryn killam was great who we just got to
meet on here and uh molly hockey's so funny oh yeah yeah fantastic uh great story yeah yeah please
please listen to my stalker yes yeah i was trying to remember if you brought that up on our show
i think you might have yeah yes your story of like giving a friendly wave to somebody who came to see
you do improv a california adventure and then it becomes your nightmare uh so so scary yeah great
great stories on uh on keys to the kingdom oh i also was gonna say if we oh wait so tell us
so this should be called the wild west stunt show not the wild why okay yeah that's just single
wild yes it still makes it a very long title and i was i was thinking how we i think we could maybe
just go for the record of longest title yeah but then i don't want to bury your name at the end
with that with credit so i i think because i think you want it right over first so i'm going to
declare here i think maybe the episode should be called matt gorley presents the adventures of
cone and a sword and sorcery spectacular and the wild west stunt show so listeners you've already
seen that title okay if you sign off jason will check with later it's like this the spin-off of
your show basically oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's good yeah like you produced it like from
the from the mind of hal needham oh you flatter you flatter uh uh well thanks so much for being
here uh new episodes keys to the kingdom still coming out as for us three bonus episodes every
month uh on podcast the ride the second gate or get one more bonus episode on our vip tier club
three you'll find all that at patreon.com podcast the ride uh jason will be back next time and if
you're listening to this episode as it drops on friday november 10th perhaps we will be seeing you
tonight in orlando yeah live shows uh this evening it's going to be fun surprise i think we got fun
surprises uh as of right now we have fun surprises assuming yes the surprises don't fail yes ron
de zantes you told you spoiled it no only to fight him to go axe to axe with him i am here to talk
about mr toad's wild ride thank you boys for giving it to me i know a lot of guests wanted it
but you've promised me toad space mountain and pirates to talk about very we're going to rip
through them all in one 90 minute session along with what's wrong and woke america you're welcome
forever dog this has been a forever dog production executive produced by mike
carlson jason sharridan scott gairdner brett bohme joe cilio and alex ramsey for more original
podcasts please visit foreverdogpodcasts.com and subscribe to our shows on apple podcasts
spotify or wherever you get your podcasts keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us
on twitter and instagram at forever dog team and liking our page on facebook
