Five, four, three, two, one.
And it came to pass in those days that Angel Gabriel was sent from God to a city named Burbank.
He came to three not terribly wise boys named Mike, Scott, and Jason.
The boys were not virgins, but they certainly act and speak as if they are.
The angels said, behold, you shall conceive and bring forth a podcast and you shall call
it podcast the ride the second gate.
Hey, it's us, the boys, Scott here, Mike there, Jason there.
Hi, excited to take Christianity down a few pegs today.
Is that what you're a genius?
Oh, that's right.
Uh oh.
It's the big threat.
Richard Dawkins, Michael, Christopher Hitchens.
Ricky Gervais.
Ricky Gervais.
And then there's me.
There's nothing people love more than the take down.
Hey, you forgot our pal Bill Maher and his scathing religious.
Religious.
Religious.
Well, there's a guy who loves to laugh and make people laugh.
This is this was already I only know about this because it was roasted by Heidecker on
office hours, but I believe he's been quote, I think on a club random or something he was
saying out.
I may, you know, I've been thinking about making religious too.
Yes, I've heard of this.
But but this time the religion is wokeness.
I heard him say that exact sentence.
Yeah, I think like he thinks us if he saw a picture of us, he would just OK, got it.
I know what these guys are.
They are just I can tell by their hoodies and glasses.
These are guys who are converts of the religion of wokeness.
And maybe I, their favorite comedian, can get through to them and break the spell.
I'm a 66 year old man who's been very rich for a very long time, who lives part of the
time in a creepy basement with bad lighting and brings over very young women and I, but
I know young people and very old men.
Well, it's for a club random.
Yeah.
Did Henry Kissinger get to do club random before?
I don't think he did.
Well, we don't know.
There could be a delay on those things.
Oh, maybe there's a couple in the can.
Yeah.
Also, look, I don't feel like Bill Maher was very respectful of the strikes.
And I also don't know if Kissinger appeared in enough stuff to have had a SAG card.
But maybe there was some risk.
Maybe Kissinger like, we cannot, I must do the rules of the.
Wasn't he on like Arthur or something like, wasn't he a character on a cartoon for
children? Am I crazy that he was like a cartoon?
I mean, look this up.
He showed up and said, Bill, I would love to come over, but I have to respect the
picket line, but please send me some of that dank sticky shit.
You've got a pretty good Kissinger.
Oh, wait a minute.
It was just take that.
You know, what's crazy is that doing a Kissinger impression where he is, he lived,
it lived to be obscenely old and yet an impression of him is what he sounded like
when he was youthful.
Like you're doing the voice we're both doing is him at like a spry 60.
Yeah, that's a good point.
So if you find it was on a cartoon called he was on a cartoon called Happily Ever
After on HBO and he was ducky daddles.
Henry Kissinger is ducky daddles.
Cartoon duck who looks like Henry Kissinger.
Yeah, it looks like it is a chicken little type overlay because there's a political
reporter, Henny Penny, played by Sharon Stone.
Ducky daddles.
Wow.
Now that Henry is gone, ducky daddles is up for, he's Scott found something new.
I was just going to throw Jason out for the new ducky daddles.
Just, you know, in case you're doing this again, everything's getting rebooted.
And we may find a new ducky daddles soon and it should be Jason.
Beware the ducky daddles curse though.
Everyone who plays ducky daddles ends up dying at a hundred.
That's right.
My clapping of excitement was seeing the casting of Foxy Loxy.
Foxy Loxy was played by Johnny Cochran.
Oh my God.
Really?
Wow.
Why have we not talked about whatever the fuck this is?
Ducky daddles, Foxy Loxy.
Is this on Max?
Has this been booted on Max?
Is it taxed right off?
You know?
Yeah, I don't know Zezlov's plans with the franchise.
Johnny L.
Cochran Jr.
as Foxy Woxy?
Is Foxy Woxy different than Foxy Loxy?
Oh wait.
Oh my God.
And this, this is from the AV.
This is AV Club about ducky daddles about Kissinger.
But apparently in the 1999 on a single season sitcom Brothers
Keeper, he played himself as a guest on Bill Mars, Politically Incorrect.
Wow.
Yeah.
It all came together.
Yeah.
How about that?
Oh man.
Of course, of course they would want, that's a perfect.
Brothers Keeper.
Do we know what that is?
That's the kind of thing.
Well, would the listeners be delighted by or terribly offended by an episode about
the acting work of Henry Kissinger?
It's kind of making fun of them.
Yeah.
Bad guy.
You die.
It sounds like a roller coaster ride.
Uh huh.
Right?
Right?
That's your, your tying it back.
That's my justification.
Yeah.
Look, you do enough improv classes.
They really drill justification into your head.
And eventually you realize that justification can be very thin.
Like Kissinger's justification for the invasion and bombing of the many nations.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
They're very thin justification.
Um, first, let me touch on what we're doing and my kind of biblical
intro was, is based on the, the, uh, the script and the copy for these events.
Disney's candlelight processionals.
Uh, I mean, I guess you'd call it the Disneyland or the Disney world or Epcot,
or depending on, on where you are.
But the, the short, uh, Cliff notes version of this is that, uh, this has been
a tradition in Disneyland and then carried over to Disney world since the fifties.
That there is a, a big, uh, performance with, uh, choirs and an orchestra and a
bit, a big, uh, procession down main street that is all a, a big Christmas
celebration and the centerpiece of it is a reading of the nativity story involving
celebrity narrators.
And this is a thing I feel like either you pay a lot of attention to the parks,
to the Disney parks and the park stuff.
And you're very aware of this or you, you heard what I just said and went, what
they do a, like a religious ceremony almost at the Disney parks.
I would say almost, I mean, pretty, some people may not know this happens at all.
And I, it's only been faint in my head.
Aaron didn't know.
Yeah.
This is, um, I'm going to say it's a little weird, right?
For a company that avoids religion pretty much at every turn, you just
then turn around and do, this is basically a Protestant Christmas Eve service for
two nights at Disneyland and then weeks and weeks at Disney world.
I didn't realize how much they did.
It's a, it's a big celebration.
Also incredibly star studded.
So I just, one, I will pick this year.
Brendan Fraser is doing a night.
He's one of the best actor Oscar.
Yeah, it's not even, and I, cause in my head, what I lodged in the back of my
head was that, oh yeah, they used to do this thing with kind of actors that my
mom likes, like Rock Hudson and Howard Kiel.
Sure.
Maybe they do like a smaller version of it today?
Question mark cut to we prep for this.
No, they do.
It's as big as it ever was bigger in Epcot, giant relevant stars who appear.
Dare I say some of them more relevant than some of the bands that
play at eat to the beat.
Well, hold on a minute.
Now I'm being sacrilegious.
Now I'm offended.
My religion has been offended.
My brain is hard, like fighting with each other of like, who's more relevant,
the Baja men or Ann Margaret, you know, who we wish the best.
It was supposed to do two nights this year only did one because of like a
health concern, I think the second day.
That Ann Margaret is doing anything these days is remarkable.
I wanted to say the quick version of all that.
Just because right before we get things cooking, there's something else I wanted
to bring up this.
There's been like kind of a brain, a brain worm that I have, and I don't think I can
get rid of the worm unless I pass it to you guys and then the listeners.
But you will, you'll understand why this is related when I'm about to say, because
what we're talking about today, the candlelight processional kind of a rare
intersection of theme parks and Christianity.
Doesn't happen a lot, as you noted, sort of weird.
Maybe the only one in the Disney world, the Disney parks world.
Yeah, usually more of a secular Christmas.
Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, very much so.
But of course, we have done episodes for many years about theme parks
that intersect with Christianity.
And this is this we typically do on Easter week.
We've covered a number of these extremely unpleasant places.
And I'm going to take us back to maybe the most unpleasant one.
Maybe this is a run.
This is a candidate, I would say, for the most unpleasant thing
we've ever talked about on the show.
And that is Ken Ham's Ark encounter.
Yes, of course.
Do you either don't say if you know, do you have any idea
why I'd be bringing up the Ark encounter right now?
I mean, I thought it was going to be Holy Land experience,
which is being progressively bold.
It was. Yes. Yeah.
We're becoming a health care center of some kind.
I there's something with Ark encounter.
You know, you've maybe caught it.
Is there a fudge development?
Is there another video? I wish I could tell you I was bringing it up
because they have a great new kind of fudge.
And now they're selling it in California stores.
And you don't even need to go be on the bad or to get the fudge.
What is this? I just heard Ken Ham's name, too.
Yeah, it's been around.
You'll figure out why. You will figure out why.
Let me let me let me get to get through it.
If you don't remember, this is this creationist
Noah's Ark exhibit in Kentucky.
They've recreated the biblical dimensions of Noah's Ark.
And it kind of exists to do a lot of that.
It's like, see, that's exactly what it was in the Bible.
And exactly what's in the Bible is what you should everyone should study
and pay attention to, such as that, you know, there's only been around
for 5000 years and there were dinosaurs on Noah's Ark.
It's run by this this guy, Ken Ham, maybe the least charismatic man.
Very uncarismatic.
Basically, in 20, it was finished in 2016.
In 2014, they lobbied to get tax breaks to build the Ark.
And they did so successfully.
This was approved and the state of Kentucky was going to pay for the Ark.
Then the governor of Kentucky, a Democrat, revoked and overturned
the decision, said, wait a minute, I've seen how this is coming together.
And this is much more of a religious institution.
We have separation of church and state.
And I don't think the taxpayers should be paying for this thing
with a very specific religious agenda.
Not happening. We're not paying for the Ark.
Classic demon rat behavior.
Yes. A traitor.
So what does Ken Ham do?
Well, Ken Ham reaches out to an organization called Freedom Guard,
which is run by the CEO and chief counsel of Freedom Guard.
Is this really pasty, smarmy lawyer guy?
Real weasel, right?
And I know this because you can watch a long video, a 24 minute video.
That's a conversation between this lawyer and Ken Ham.
And they talk about why Kentucky must build and pay for the Ark.
We have to, you know, it's the First Amendment dictates that they must.
And they cite freedom of religion and free exercise of religion
and freedom of speech in this great nation of America.
And they badgered and lobbied and spent a lot of money
to get this thing overturned, to get Kentucky to pay for the Ark.
They were successful.
They did it not only to Kentucky pay for the Ark,
but Kentucky taxpayers had to pay for Ken Ham's legal fees.
Oh, my God. This guy didn't pay.
He hasn't paid a cent for any of this.
Why have I brought this up?
And why did I not name the smarmy lawyer man?
You may have heard his name in the recent past because that lobbyist,
Ken Ham's pasty, weird lawyer,
is named Mike Johnson.
That is the newly appointed speaker of the House,
the leader of the US House of Representatives.
After all that shit with all the who's the guy McCarthy and McCarthy,
who gets ousted and they tried all those other people and none of them were.
And then suddenly it landed on all right, it's going to be Mike Johnson.
Who the hell is Mike Johnson?
Well, Mike Johnson is a lobbyist for a bad Ark.
Oh, my God. Wow.
He's a guy that was a representative is now run by a guy
who thinks Ken Ham is tolerable to be around.
I would say more than 24 minutes.
Yes. The pornography accountability guy.
Yes. The guy with the kiss.
When his son, they had a pact that they would look at each other's
Internet histories. I believe is how it played out.
They promised and wouldn't look at pornography and they could look at each
other's browser history to check.
This is so you've ever wanted to make sure your dad to see the web.
Every website, your dad is going to.
Now, what the speaker of the House apparently
doesn't quite know about private browsing windows.
But, you know, I it's that sounds complicated.
I must be I must involve a massive amount of code.
Easier way is to get tied to like a buzzer system with your kid.
Congresspeople are often defeated by very basic technology functionality.
Well, this wasn't Ted Cruz.
Like he was searching for porn, but he ended up just putting it into Twitter.
Yeah. Is that what it was?
And that was on September 11th. Yeah.
I forget what it was. It was.
I forget what he was searching for.
It was on September 11th.
Can Jason I do a quick improv here?
It's playing father and son.
Sure. Oh, well, and this, Jason, I want you to approach me.
Because you found something on my computer that is a little bit untoward.
And I'd like you to confront me about it.
And it's also Christmas Day.
Hey, Dad, thanks for the PlayStation five.
Oh, yeah, of course. Merry Christmas, son.
Merry Christmas to you, Dad.
I found these JPEGs of Mia Khalifa
on your on your desktop, on your gateway.
Oh, I know who it is.
I know who it is.
You know who it is.
I know who it is. Yeah.
That's not fair.
No, you're right. You're right.
You took my Del away.
I took your Del away because I found JPEGs of Jenna Jamison on your.
My favorite. Yeah.
Yeah, you said you were my favorite special lady.
Yeah. No, you're right.
And I I have let you down, son.
Did you delete all the JPEGs of Mia Khalifa?
Well, I put them.
I deleted them from your computer, but I put them on this thumb drive
so that I never forget how you disappointed me.
OK, what are you doing with the drive?
And then I copy the thumb drive to another thumb drive.
Wait, what? And I
I gave all my buddies the thumb drives.
OK, now you're spreading the porn.
You're putting your pornography around.
Now, this is unchristian of you.
Well, I guess you could call it that.
I yes, I could call it that.
But but I think that you should.
I called accountability, Dad.
OK, well, that's true.
I'm Speaker of the House, by the way.
And I'm going to tell the American people what's happened here today.
Thank you for keeping me accountable.
Please pass more tax cuts for a stat so we can buy more PlayStation 5.
I'm way ahead of you. OK.
Emergency press conference called in Congress on Christmas Day.
We're told that we've seen transcripts of the remarks,
and it seems that Mike Johnson is going to admit to looking at Mia Khalifa.
Yes, JPEG's JPEG.
I'm sorry. I've got to have administered a correction.
It was JPEG's. It was JPEG.
They are not moving.
And we're also probably probably makes the file small enough to fit onto a thumb drive.
We're also hearing reports that his son's friends now have thumb drives full of JPEG's.
We've managed to all outlets have attained copies of these thumb drives.
All we had to do was ask the son and they were readily provided.
Instantly copied to 200 major media outlets.
You really. OK. End of the end of that.
I'm sorry. It's a great scene that you're probably right.
He is probably looking at JPEG's.
That is a really good poll, I think.
Yeah, that seems right for like this type of guy.
It's not it's not.
He's not as savvy as Dean Norris, who was looking for sex.
Yes, another famous like Twitter accidental tweet.
That was just like probably a search meant for Google.
Yeah. Sex GIFs.
We need to see conflating those things.
I'm sorry. It was the Ted Cruz liked a pornographic tweet on 9 11.
He didn't know. OK.
I think he's done accidental tweeting of other stuff like passwords. Right.
But in this case, it was you could see it just blur.
That's right. It was from an account called Sexual Posts, two L's and sexual.
And he liked it on 9 11.
And then he said the wall, right?
Like looking. Yeah. An intern.
He said an intern did someone just wasn't on his all.
You got to be careful to be on your all.
Oh, boy. Well, politicians are our betters.
Anyway, I was excited by that.
I heard this info, by the way, on QAnon anonymous to grip podcast.
But I like I'm like, I need to make sure that our listeners are aware.
Maybe there'll be an arc encounter like two that will be in Washington, D.C.
Oh, I hope so, because like he's obviously a fan of the project.
So who knows what we'll get to that a little sort around the world.
What do you want?
But the Museum of the Bible.
Did anyone encounter this looking into flying theaters?
No. Well, we're many steps ahead.
I don't know. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, there's a flying theater
that zooms around a kind of PlayStation three level,
D.C. PlayStation three graphics level, D.C.
that finds all the quotes of scripture around historic buildings
and monuments in D.C.
Oh, my God. We got to do that for Easter this year.
Maybe or next year. Oh, maybe. Yeah.
Could be. Well, I was going to say, I think I think fake Soren's as its own.
Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
That off as its own.
Let's let's soak these Soren's for as many episodes as they're worth.
Yeah. Anyway, now that now that that is out,
you know, actually, that that kind of shows you the spectrum to me,
that Arc Encounter is the worst possible
intersection of faith and theme park.
This is like fine, I think.
Well, it's not hurting anybody.
It's a leftover thing.
Like, obviously, if Disney was starting new today, this wouldn't have had
like they wouldn't be doing this version of the show, I don't think.
And you can tell. I believe that at least in Epcot,
one of the first things that the celebrity narrator says
when they arrive at the microphone is, did you know that Walt Disney, everyone?
OK, Walt Disney started this tradition in the 50s.
And there's many things at these parks that are traditions that Walt Disney started.
And we wouldn't stop doing the traditions.
Now, would we? Just because one of them is related to faith
and we're in kind of a divided and battle to Walt.
Just so when you see all this, think of Walt.
Yeah, I think this I believe I saw pictures of the like,
I think this crowd kind of hit the opening night of the
oh, I'm going to get it wrong at the Dome.
Lumosity, the story of us.
Luminosity, luminous, that's it.
Luminous, the story of us is the new Epcot show.
OK, show. And the crowds for that and the crowds for this kind of like
intersected at one point.
The other night.
So very dangerous.
Yeah, it sounds like they're going to be a battle or some kind.
It's like the games of New York meeting.
We were watching Thanksgiving.
We were watching or not.
I just say Thanksgiving.
I meant the week after Thanksgiving, the Charlie Brown Christmas.
And I haven't seen it in a few years.
And like Linus just does the Bible like he does a big religious speech.
And you're like, yeah, I don't know.
It's it's like some of the stuff where it was like if this was made today,
I don't think this is going in there.
Or it could, I suppose.
But it just was it was just much more.
It was much more around at the time.
Yeah. Whether a person was actually.
I think there's certain stories that kind of cross from Christianity
into like the secular mainstream just from being so you bet.
The story of Christmas,
Noah's Ark, Canaanite, but like stuff just becomes.
Yeah, sure.
It doesn't feel as like it's tied to like a strong belief system.
Yeah. It's like a story here.
It should really be a Cain and Abel stunt show in a theme park somewhere.
Yeah.
It's one of the classic tales.
Yeah. Kill each other. Yeah.
But I think you see the sitcoms even, you know,
the first few decades of sitcoms on TV, there were a lot more episodes,
even up to The Simpsons with Reverend Reverend Lovejoy and Mrs.
Lovejoy. The Simpsons went to.
I always laughed when The Simpsons went to church because it reminded me
of our church, like we were Presbyterian, but it was a very chill.
It wasn't like the Cuckoo Calvinists like
or the Cuckoo Christians of student 16.
You went into like Trump or something there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That had an arm gesture that was very, you know, actually,
you know what it reminded me of?
That was like Jason just suddenly became Paul Schaefer.
The Cuckoo Calvinists.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was a lot more hip control.
Maybe you're good or bad when you're bored.
So, yeah, it's weird that it's happening, but it's also like, yeah,
that's a lot of versions of this happening.
Other places that it's like sort of grand.
It's grandfathered in.
Yes, you're not going to.
I don't think there's going to be a Nativity celebration, an epic universe.
Maybe, I don't know.
Like where the epic universe where Mario and Frankenstein and Christ all
share a space and have a great time.
Bowser, Bowser Junior is born and they plant him in a manger made of mushrooms.
I don't know.
He celebrates with Bowser celebrates with a big like fire breath to the sky.
Right.
All your friends at how to train your dragon land will tell you,
like, check out the new Stella Nova Hotel,
but don't be spilling your seed when you get over there.
So be still.
No, no. Oh, wow.
Wait a minute. I got I got lost in there.
You also dropped the name of a hotel somewhere in there.
Oh, yeah.
Stella Nova is one of the two.
Like hell of a way to find out on the way to something about spilling seeds.
Two new hotels, Stella Nova and Luna.
Luna Nova.
Luminous.
No, no, no, no.
OK. Luna Nova.
The making of me is the making of me, not the story of us.
You're very close.
There's seed involved in that.
But that's you want to buy Avatar three isn't called the seed bearer anymore.
Well, no longer.
So there won't be seed spilling there.
No.
Stella Nova, though, the rooms there look like star cruiser rooms.
If you look, they look like this galactic star cruiser rooms.
But we like a little bit more inviting. Yes.
What's the theme?
Like space.
That's a space. They're baking a space hotel.
Yeah, but it's $100 a night.
And they're it's mostly a standard Lowe's hotel room.
But also, there's a space screen.
There is a space screen in the room.
But so it's not there's not a story to this hotel.
I don't know that.
Yeah, there's a story.
It's under $200 a night.
Wow. Yeah, I'd do it.
But Jason's back to the joke Jason was making.
Somebody said, you don't want to you shouldn't come in that hotel room.
Well, that's like there's a passages in the Bible about not spilling.
That's what that meant.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's about not shooting onto a wall.
Is that what you're saying?
That's in the Bible. Yeah.
Though thou shalt not fire onto thou's own ear,
thus creating a comical situation where your date thinks that it's hair gel
and puts it in her own hair.
They're telling you like, well, don't be sinful.
But also, people have to clean these rooms.
You know, what does the what are the Bible's thoughts on cleaning up your jizz?
That really religious people like don't know masturbating.
You know, right. OK.
No premarital sex.
You know, it's in the what does spilt seed mean?
So if you go to the arc, it just says to ejaculate.
If you. Nice.
So what is I was right.
I said, come with us. Yeah.
So if you go to the arc encounter, you don't get to see the elephants.
I don't even want to finish that.
I'm sorry.
I'm too dirty.
An elephant and a dinosaur.
This is one of the dirtier episodes and it's the religious.
It's the religious.
Extremely like
staid traditional thing.
But what else are we going to get?
My one cut this one comment, I feel like I get once or twice a year
where it's like Michael is so uptight, but he's saying dirty words.
Like somebody who like is like, oh, what is going on here?
I'm in a mood. I'm punchy today.
I don't know what to tell you.
Oh, you are that well, Mike,
totally on the drive over that he had a two thirds caffeine free
caffeinated coffee.
So there was a little bit of caffeine.
Huh? I didn't know you could do this in the Starbucks app.
You can select your caffeine level.
The shit you make people do with these fucking apps.
Well, it was in there.
I wasn't like a special order where I had to write it in a drop down.
One third caffeine.
What's the option?
What do you have to do?
It just says what do you want?
And you can put choose two thirds decaf and one third.
I actually just wanted half and half, which is you can do that at Dunkin.
All the all the places do it for you.
You don't want all the caffeine.
But you did it in thirds.
Well, one of the options was two thirds decaffeinated coffee.
And I chose that one.
So it means I had a third of this cup, which I also added extra ice to
to get even less just because I wanted a little bit of a pick me up,
but not a not an extreme one.
You want to get picked all the way up?
I do not.
Not up to the right hand of God.
Exactly.
But yeah, certainly that one third made me a little bit
work blue today.
That's you blame it on that.
Well, that's what it is.
Was blaming it on.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Oh, well, it always comes back to Jason.
Well, that is what you were doing.
You brought up the coffee.
I'm drinking a sugar free Red Bull.
So I'm like, you're really all the way up.
Yeah.
You're really turned up.
Yeah. Me and DJ Khaled were all the way up.
That's right.
They see part of the Disney family, the Disney Parks family.
That's correct.
Mm hmm.
Yeah, I watched the special that we were all of us were next to the tapings of
the weird thing they do now where you like the film to specials
and what you do a night special.
Oh, yeah. Special.
And they have to say to Billy Corrigan, all right, we'll see you in a month.
We'll see you back here in a month dressed the same way, decorated the same.
What is your turquoise and W.A.
hoodie? Your National Wrestling Company.
Did he play so what did he play like silver bells?
Yeah. Yeah.
Silver.
It was nuts.
It was crazy. I got to hear that.
I haven't heard it yet.
Billy Corrigan.
They have their own Christmas song, the original Christmas song too.
Has not done the Christmas or the candlelight processional.
No, no, no, no, no.
Not in that deep.
Yeah, but I think he would.
He's testing the waters.
Yeah, he'll get there.
Well, let's talk about.
I mean, I think I kind of said dry history.
I think there were carolers like Dickensian carolers
in Disneyland from the first Christmas at Disneyland.
But and it was but it was more of a sporadic, you know, they pop around
this 12 of them and then it grew and grew and became a bigger thing.
Charles Hurt from the USC School of Music.
See, we're saying facts.
Charles Hurt. H I R T.
H I R T. Yeah. Yes. Mr. Hurt.
The Hurt Walker, they called him.
Yeah, that's a really that's a good gym teacher name.
It's also a Batman villain, a Batman villain named Dr.
Hurt, which I made me think of that.
But is there really one of those?
Yeah. OK. Yeah.
Dr. Hurt in 1959.
I think this thing officially gels.
There was a version in 58 I read, but it was the full like big
like a couple hundred people in the 1950s.
OK. Or am I confusing?
Might have years wrong.
Who cares? At some point, it used to be in front of the castle
where you would expect a big major celebration to happen.
But like sight lines, there was something awkward about doing it
in front of the castle.
So it moved the other way.
Now there's a big processional from up towards the castle down Main Street.
And the event happens on the kind of terraced
steps of the Main Street train station.
Did you see the wall line about?
No. Why moving?
He wanted to be able to hear Christmas carols from his apartment over the firehouse.
Wow. Which I think is if you own the place, that's a reasonable request.
So he was he didn't even go out and watch the show.
He just wanted to hear it.
I guess so. I feel like he will watch some.
I mean, Dick Van Dyke.
I think the last one he attended was 65
and Dick Van Dyke, I think.
If you if you had five grilled cheeses on that hot plate,
you probably can't move so good.
You cannot leave a hot plate plugged in.
Oh, OK. Yeah. So five is pushing it.
So first of all, you can't leave because the apartment might burn down.
Like it's above the fire station.
So that helps. But then I don't think it's a working fire station.
So you're in trouble there.
But anyway, your five grilled cheese is in deep.
You just got to like, I'm just going to lie on my separate bed from my wife
in here in this little apartment that's full of doilies.
Oh, just all right through the window.
Oh, just I don't need to see.
I know what it looks like. I saw it.
You got to move the whole thing, though, because I can't hear it.
It's too soft.
I've been drinking Evan Williams since three p.m.
I'm going to get one or two songs before I doze off.
My the the work on my polo injury is going long today,
and I'm going to have to be in here for a longer amount of time.
And I need to hear the sweet sound of carolers.
I want to hear Jack Frost nipping at my nose as I sip
cutty sark in my old and comfortable armchair.
What was that reference?
Cutty sark scotch. Oh, OK.
It's like well scotch.
OK. Yeah. Cheap. Cheap.
Got it. Is cutty sark not good?
Is that right? I my memory, I feel like that was what people drank in college.
That's what people bought in college to try scotch.
OK. Oh, that's not you don't like just like a frat party is a rat.
No, no. Cutty sark, cutty sark pong.
That's if you're like pretending to be I'm like I'm becoming kind of a scotch guy.
I got this. It's called cutty sark.
I'm going to try some of it.
Anybody want me to crack open this cutty sark?
I think one of my roommates in college got a flask.
He bought a bottle of cutty sark and I was like, oh, this is this is vile.
Yeah, that's it.
And then all of these people kind of do their little fake swirl and their little show.
I'll put my pipe tobacco down and I'll try my cutty sark.
And then like, hmm, hmm.
The cutty sark, it's like a sark encounter, you would call it.
You know, oh, yeah, because of the ARK.
You understand that's how it's spelled.
It's a ship I learned just now.
That's where that's from. It's got a ship on the label.
Yeah, a sark encounter.
Yeah, it is there.
It sticks in my mind because in the movie Gone Baby Gone,
when the like uncle like breaks down and gives a lot of secrets away,
he like ambles up to the bar for the first time in years and goes like,
told boy on a shot of cutty.
And that line reading has stuck with me for years.
I've never seen that movie, actually.
So maybe that's why. Do that order somewhere.
See if they see if the bartender says, hey, gone baby gone.
Oh, yeah. Boilermaker. Oh, yeah, sure.
OK, so it's it's this big performance on the steps of the Main Street
train station. There's so many people involved in this to this day.
It is I discovered many, many choirs
that come from there, some of which are high schools and maybe younger than that.
And adult choir, it's like they bus in 50 choirs, I feel.
I can line them all up, mix them all together and an orchestra, too.
This is I'm watching a video.
They filmed one for the Disney Channel in the late 80s, and I'm watching it like,
are there one thousand participants in the show?
So many crazy. But the luckiest of all, the true the stars of the show,
it feels like, are the people in green robes who get to go on to
kind of a terrorist set of steps and form a human Christmas tree.
That's that's what is the centerpiece of the whole thing.
To be you get to be a tree.
Yes, that did not. I had to read that.
I did not know that that's what was happening when I saw the video.
Or at least I watched that one. What do you think it was?
I just thought they were being showcased and they were wearing green.
I didn't realize. Obviously, it makes a lot of sense.
You thought it was like the Olympics where you said the best ones
stand on the top step. Yeah, they were the top singers.
They were the top 20 of the year. Exactly.
So in the special green,
I watched almost a full John Stamos recent one of these.
Ah, a regular him and Neil Patrick Harris.
I feel like for a lot of years. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, let's talk narrators a little bit,
because that's I think what brings this thing.
It's certainly one of the things I knew about it.
And the list is definitely full of luminaries.
And it's got like big stars from the beginning.
Sometimes certainly a lot of years, it's like somebody you got to look up.
Were they on a soap opera or what were they?
But mixed in are some of the greatest actors of all time.
It's an unbelievable list if you start getting into them.
It was a guy named Dennis Morgan for the first four years at Disneyland.
Once they started doing the celebrity narrator. Right.
I don't know much about Dennis Morgan, but in sixty five, as Jason said,
Dick Van Dyke promoted promoting Mary Poppins.
I think it's almost crazy that he is still with us and that he was like
promoting the new movie Mary Poppins in nineteen sixty five.
And then he did it again like 40 years later or 50 years, like 2005.
I think he did it again and they've done it recently. Wow. Wow.
But then you start going through, you know, you got your Disney classics,
you get your Dean Jones. Yeah.
But then like Gregory Peck, Henry Fonda,
Cary Grant, John Wayne,
Charlton Heston did it.
There's a story about Charlton Heston where he did it in 1970.
And there it was storming a lot.
It might rain this whole thing out.
And somebody from Disneyland was, oh, this is from Charles Hurt.
Charles Hurt said Charlton Heston looked at me and said,
if I could part the Red Sea, then I could keep it from raining.
Oh, hell yes.
If I can do a fake thing in the movie,
then I can control weather right now.
We should note that a lot of these people were insane.
Oh, yeah. It was a great way to get insane old actors out of the house
for at least half an hour.
Let their wives get some time to themselves.
Jimmy Stewart did it.
Seventy five. A lot of Rock Hudson, a ton of Rock Hudson.
I was shocked that my mom had never heard of this event
until I was getting ready to do this,
because my my mom, very devout Catholic and at the time, very devout
Rock Hudson fan. Really? Yeah.
I loved Rock Hudson very much.
Looked up where he lived, I believe, when that information was.
Had a conversation with him as a young girl in his front yard.
And he was very nice and not bothered by the fact that two girls came to say hi.
Oh, wow. Yeah, fine.
I was I grew up with a lot of fond feelings for Rock Hudson in my house.
I can't have I ever watched a full Rock Hudson movie. Not necessarily.
I also know that the one that they filmed for the Disney Channel
had a guy, Howard Kiel.
Howard Kiel was on Dallas, which is why I knew him.
Like when I'm three years old, I feel like I knew who Howard Kiel was.
Less so now.
My dad played in a Howard Kiel Celebrity Golf Tournament.
And there's a picture of that that's been on
the wall of my childhood home ever since.
So Howard Kiel, I see his name a ton, but I don't know the full.
Howard Kiel, I believe in like Seven Brides for Seven Brothers,
probably a lot of movie musicals that you like, Jason.
But you know, no Kiel feelings.
I don't have any Kiel feelings.
Obviously, Anne Margaret,
like I said, she didn't one this year
and then dropped out the second day.
She was replaced by a Florida
resident, I believe, Ashley Eckstein, the voice of Ahsoka.
But yeah, Anne Margaret, I of course, was reminded of the Bye Bye Birdie bookends.
I OK, I looked up, I was like, speaking Bye Bye Birdie, did Paul Lind ever do this?
I don't think so. OK.
I looked up Paul in Disneyland. I couldn't find anything.
I was just hoping, but I feel like he wasn't big, a big enough star.
To do this. But a lot of these things are not there's not like
you can't just find like look up, you know,
Carrie Grant. Hang on.
I don't think Paul in wasn't a big enough star.
Dean Jones is in it.
Well, but Dean was no Dean Jones.
I'm not saying quality wise.
I'm just saying like Dean Jones starred in those Disney movies.
Movies for Disney and Paul and he, you know,
but Paul was also in Disney movies, was he not like what?
I don't think it's a level of star issue.
It might have been a conflict.
Might have. There's a there's a thousand reasons why Paul
went could have Grandpa Al Lewis wasn't in here either.
No, no.
I in my mind, he's a big enough star, but he I just think this is a
this is a big this is a big mountain to climb as far as like credits.
Can I jump to 2023 Disneyland?
Kind of a very funny choice with the context of 2023.
The narrator was Brie Larson,
who for days I had been completing that my head is Blake Lively.
And I was like, oh, Blake Lively, she has a bit.
I haven't seen her in a while.
Confusing the two, you mean? Confusing that too.
OK. And then I saw it was Brie Larson.
And I was like, oh, that.
So you just the name you were just imagining another blonde girl.
Yes, I was imagining another blonde white.
Blake is at the games with Taylor and watching Travis Kelsey.
And I'm sure she's got, you know, maybe helping out Brian.
She's married to Deadpool.
She's married to Mr.
Menmobile himself. That's your was your argument.
Just then Jason should know who Blake is because she's at the game.
And he said he she didn't know what she's been up to.
So I said that she's been at the games, the big game.
I've all seen the pictures from the games.
We all the three of us, we pay attention to the games.
We watched the games.
I mean, I look at the tap lights a little.
But Brie Larson, it's like, oh, OK, yeah, she was just in a big movie
that kind of flopped for Disney in a year.
But that's not saying much because a lot of the movies have flopped this year.
Yeah, there were more people in the choir and the orchestra
than who saw the marvels.
Hey, well, this ties some Marvel into in 84.
Joseph Campanella did it.
He's the voice of the lizard on Spider-Man, the animated series.
Well, I like that. Pretty good.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Was Paul, I guess, Paul was a bigger was he a bigger star than I'm saying?
It's like Darren McGavin is he I would say they are exactly equivalent.
OK, what was his best?
We got to really see you trying to like position Paul in this like,
you know, it's kind of like a cult thing like me.
You know, you got to like, I don't know.
And know about your reference.
He was everywhere.
He was on Hollywood Squares.
Everyone watched that at the time.
John Forsythe did it.
I would say I would say, yeah, more famous than Paul.
I don't this is strange to me.
I think Paul and was absolutely equal, if not bigger than many of these stars.
He applied to do it.
And Walt said, who are you?
And then shut the door on his face.
And he fell all the way down the stairs from Walt's apartment.
And he wanted.
He did.
Wow.
William, why, Walt, why anybody else who was William Frawley dead
by the time this started?
What year did William Frawley die?
Bill Frawley, as you know, he was alive for some of it.
But maybe the, you know, so fucked up on Sark.
He couldn't get through the full narration.
Yeah.
Anyone from I Love Lucy?
I don't think so.
I never saw Lucio Ball listed anywhere here.
Or Desi Arnaz.
I don't believe so.
But you got big franchises represented.
Dallas with Howard Keele.
Yeah.
Charlie's Angels with John Forsythe.
Coach with Craig T.
Nelson. Big star.
Elliot Gould did it.
At Esnur.
I'm very excited about it.
At Esnur doing it.
Yeah.
I assume that's the only Mary Tyler Moore show cast member.
Yeah, I didn't see Mary on the list.
Ted Knight doing the Candlelight processional would be awesome.
Yeah.
But didn't happen.
Wasn't a big enough star.
Wasn't it?
He was in Caddyshack.
Mary Tyler Moore.
Don Knotts never did it, I don't think.
That's too silly.
Yeah, too ridiculous.
Yeah, now I had to make a mockery of it.
Knotts and Rittkos, no way.
What?
Don't say a big old star up in the sky.
It would have been so good though.
He puts a twist on it.
He would have focused it.
He would have taken the whole manger thing
and made it about just the mule.
Yeah.
Was it?
He was in Disney.
Kicked Joseph right in the face, right in the noggin.
He was a Disney guy too though.
He was in those Disney movies.
So that is kind of surprising.
Oh, the Apple Dumpling Gang.
Yeah.
Who are you arguing to?
None of us set up the event.
I'm mad.
I'm upset.
You don't put Knotts in there.
Knotts might have been, he was vacationing
in Weeki Wachee Springs.
Oh yeah, you're right.
All winter.
None of these people got paid.
You know what?
I bet Paul Lin and Don Knotts were doing paid work.
Yeah, well Don Knotts certainly worked
like he was in Three's Company.
He was in there and must have been busy.
He just must have been shooting over the Christmas tree.
You're just saying names of shows.
I think it just makes you happy to,
you know, you're married to a horror.
Of course it makes me happy to say these names.
Just blitz of filmography.
Here's where the problem is.
I came into this hoping that there was
such a list that I hadn't even unearthed yet
of all these people I like,
but I like that aren't just Cary Grant
or the biggest stars.
I like Cary Grant fine,
but then it was mostly,
it was bigger stars than I expected.
So you wait, so you, well first of all,
you're hopped up on one third caffeine.
And second of all, you're upset that we aren't,
as this list goes on, encountering all your favorite
sitcom pukes. Yeah.
I know, all my character actors
are nowhere to be found.
Gail Gordon isn't anywhere in the list.
I am out on this episode.
Think about how much better we're doing.
Other than now let me list all the shows
Gail Gordon was ever on.
One Lucy show.
Here's Lucy.
Here's Lucy.
Batman 66.
No, he was not on Batman.
What, never?
Gail Gordon was never on Batman.
We're just gonna list every,
you know who else never did it?
Caesar Romero.
Frank Gorshin.
Julie Newmar.
Keep him coming.
I think Eartha Kitt maybe did.
Eartha Kitt did do it.
Eartha Kitt did it.
Yes, I saw her.
I saw her.
We can all agree Eartha Kitt's name was on the list.
We do all agree.
We saw it written.
All right, let's all calm down.
She sang Santa Baby also.
So that's like another Christmas connection.
She did not sing about it when she was explaining
the birth of the Christ child though.
That would be a poor taste.
Maybe.
Heavenly baby.
You were immaculately conceived.
Now you'll die on the cross.
Marie Osmond.
Mickey Rooney, the mixer did it.
In 2002, James Earl Jones did it.
I believe the last Magic Kingdom narrator, is that right?
Before it moved to Epcot.
Oh yeah, maybe.
Like it got too popular.
94 was moved.
So that was all Disneyland list.
Magic Kingdom, there's a lot of the same folks though.
Hudson, Grant, Campanella.
Perry Como is a Magic Kingdom exclusive.
Lucky you in the year 1979 to get to see Perry Como perform.
Nice.
Pat Boone did both coasts.
Did you see, was Walter Cronkite on both coasts?
I saw him in Disney World listed.
I don't know, 88 I see.
Okay yeah, he was Disney,
maybe Disney World exclusive was Cronkite.
That would be good.
That would be good voice.
Yeah, perfect voice.
Well in all of, Howard Kiel is a very like,
just deep, I don't wanna go through,
there's a word that's in my head,
is it like stentorian, is that a wrong word?
Authoritative.
I mean yeah, but.
You're like talking about the actual quality of his voice.
Oh I see.
Not just the.
Yeah, stentorian is a word meaning loud and powerful.
Yeah.
It was I think a very good slot
for the people with this authority.
Right, right.
So I guess yeah, there's some of the actors I'm talking about.
People who sound like they could be the voice of God.
Right. Yeah.
Not Grandpa Al Lewis.
Not Grandpa Al Lewis.
And I say unto thee.
Yeah.
And it was child born.
Christ.
Can I break from reading lists of names and mention,
I'm gonna, this is a little story
that is gonna bridge two people who have both done
the Candlelight Processional narration.
Somebody who's done this event many times,
did it this year, as Jason mentioned, John Stamos.
I picked up John Stamos' book, not picked up like bought,
I mean I picked it up at Barnes and Noble
and leafed through it, just like skimmed through,
just like beach ways, beach ways, beach ways,
there we go, okay, Disneyland, Disneyland, Disneyland,
there we go.
And there's funny stories throughout,
but the one that really stuck with me was about how,
it was about like cracks that were forming
in a relationship that Mr. Stamos was in in the late 80s.
Like a wedge was opened up due to Stamos'
increasingly close friendship with Mike Love
and the Beach Boys.
Like genuinely it started to impact the relationship.
There was a night where he ended up partying too hard.
With Mike.
Well no, not with Mike,
because Mike's been sober for a long time.
He's been angrily sober for a long time.
But he just, he partied too hard with the Bikini Babes
after shooting the Kokomo video.
That's its own story, I might actually save that for later.
But you know, now he's, he was dating a woman named Chelsea
and Chelsea was upset about that.
You mean, you went and got drunk with all these women.
And then Stamos starts learning about
and getting involved with something
that's a big part of Mike Love's life,
which is Transcendental Meditation.
This is how, it's Transcendental Meditation
that allows Mike Love to be the well-adjusted,
normal man that he is.
And this woman Chelsea he's dating
kind of flew off the handle.
I'm like, I don't know if I'm comfortable with that.
She's very Christian.
So she said, this is almost borderline culty to me.
It doesn't really square with my values.
I just, I don't have a good feeling.
So relationship not going anywhere good.
And, but she's still around John
and she's hanging out on the set of Full House.
And then one day there is a visit
from Full House cast member,
Candice Cameron's brother, Kirk Cameron.
And he arrives with all that Kirk Cameron charisma.
She is smitten.
She breaks up with John, gets with Kirk Cameron
and she has been with him ever since.
That is his wife, Chelsea Noble.
Been together since 1991.
So were it not for Mike Love and Transcendental Meditation,
that relationship could have gone.
But she found her appropriate,
extremely Christian partner, Kirk Cameron,
who also did narration for the Candlelight Precessional.
I didn't know about Mike Love
and Transcendental Meditation
because I've read about Transcendental Meditation
a good amount too.
And David Lynch talks about it a ton.
Like I feel like it really chills David Lynch out
and appears to not be working.
Oh, Mike Love.
Well, Mike Love hasn't had an outburst
like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
that publicly I guess since.
That's true, yes.
Yeah, well, yeah.
And at that point he'd only been doing
Transcendental Meditation for close to 20 years.
20 years, yeah.
It takes 30 to fully kick in.
For it to really kick in.
Yeah, yeah.
There's a newer, new to me at least,
Michael Cera talks about going,
doing the TM classes and then going,
being invited to meditate at David Lynch's house.
And like he was very nervous,
but then it was a very chill experience
and David was very cool.
Well, good for that.
If Mike Love was, I'm not interested
unless Mike Love's there.
That's what I was thinking.
Michael Cera, you've always been too chicken shit
to get on stage with the Beach Boys.
I challenge you to do Help Me Rhonda
versus George Michael Bluth any day of the week.
You wanna see the stinky hats.
You wanna see the stinky bald hats.
You think it's stinky.
You think Michael's hats are stinky?
No, I think he's bald skinned.
Yeah, well, he might have enough that he can rotate
or like very rarely he wears them.
I think it goes the other way.
I think Mike Love, like somebody shows him a clip
from Scott Pilgrim of Michael Cera playing a song,
a sex bomb bomb song or whatever
and he goes, this guy's gotta be in the band.
Stamos is out.
You think he's, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cera's in now.
And then he wants to get Cera on the road.
You see how the girls freak out for sex bomb.
The girls freak out for Scott Pilgrim.
He calls him Scott too, probably.
He never learns his name.
Scott.
Michael, yeah, I love him.
Joining us for fun, fun, fun.
You know him, you love him.
Scott Pilgrim is here. Scott Pilgrim.
I know Metric did a lot of the actual music,
but he doesn't know that Metric did a lot of the music.
No, no, Mike Love knows all of the Metric.
In Jason's premise, he does know.
Albums.
He thinks the movie's real,
but he is also aware of the band Metric.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he doesn't know like Nirvana.
He doesn't know the band Nirvana.
No, he loves Metric.
He loves Canada's fucked up, you know?
He loves that band.
Okay, so it moves from Magic Kingdom to Epcot,
to the Eat of the Beat stage.
A place of worship.
The place where we go to worship the song Fly
and the song Who Let the Dogs Out,
which is played by the Ba men,
but I bet also Mark McGrath.
I bet they do it too, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I bet.
Everyone thinks we did this song.
Mark McGrath looks at the setlist for everyone else
who plays it, Eat of the Beat,
and he takes their top song and they cover it, I bet.
That's his method of doing.
We're gonna knock them all out.
Yeah.
We'll be the only band by the time my plan plays out.
We built this city by Sugar Ray.
Everyone thinks we did, we built this city.
And he'll do that, he's never done this narration,
but he'll do that.
Everyone thinks Sugar Ray wrote,
it came upon a midnight clear.
I mean, you know who you're getting, obviously.
Epcot in the 2000s, you better bet Gary Sinise
is around for this.
Oh yeah.
Oh, you wouldn't miss it for the world.
Oh yeah.
What other names are we seeing?
Brian Dennehy popped in there.
That's good, yeah.
Andy McDowell.
Dennis Franz.
Dennis Franz, I really, that one,
the idea of it really amuses me.
I really like the idea.
I don't know if he's in full NYPD Blue voice,
but I picture that.
He's dressed like Sopowitz.
Well, he's British, you forget.
He doesn't even, that's fully a character.
But in character.
Maybe Australian, I forget one of them.
I've never seen a full NYPD Blue,
but the joke on like what,
The Simpsons or other shows was always that he was like,
you could see his butt.
They would show people's butt.
I believe it affected both like when they could air
the episode and maybe influence television ratings.
But you could see Dennis Franz's butt on NYPD Blue.
There's a shot of his ass.
Yeah, his ass was visible on ABC at a certain point.
That was a big joke that maybe people would make.
Well, you guys want to see it?
He's taking a shower.
There it is.
No one down, what's the point of it even?
I kind of don't understand.
It's a shower scene is what we're looking at.
And then it just kind of goes down his body.
There's his butt.
It's a real, I mean, it's pretty, it's good,
but it's like, it almost seems superfluous.
Yeah.
I don't really know why they had to.
It's like almost a titillating shot.
It's like, hey, look what we got.
We got Franz's butt.
Like take a look at it.
I think there were the use of profanity on this show
and like on broadcast TV.
And that was ABC, right?
That was on ABC.
So Michael Eisner had to approve Dennis Franz's butt.
And Eiger.
Oh yeah.
Oh and Eiger was working at ABC.
Yeah.
You're right, you're right.
This was what, these were the flames they were forged in.
It's why they're such powerful leaders.
They dealt with butt gate.
Dad, I noticed that you, I was looking at your history
and you were looking at, you looked up the GIF
of Dennis Franz's butt.
Oh, JPEGs, but yeah, they were JPEGs of Dennis Franz's butt.
The gateway does not handle GIFs well.
Okay, actually, well that's good.
I was concerned that it was a GIF because in motion.
Yeah, right, right, right.
It's a little more scandalous.
But nevermind, look at all the JPEGs you want.
There were 100 JPEGs that would make up a GIF
of the camera pan down to Dennis Franz's butt.
Yeah, you're right.
Mike Johnson just flips through them himself.
Thank you son for keeping me honest.
And that's, you have to take away my computer
for a couple of weeks now.
Thank you for, yeah.
How's the election overturning going?
It's going well, it's going well.
Oh great, so it's gonna work out?
Yes, it's gonna be good, it's gonna work.
You're gonna make it so Trump can do five terms?
I am going to do that, yes.
Okay, well don't let this Franz butt distract you
from the greater mission.
Okay, thank you, thank you son.
What else?
Sigourney Weaver.
That's cool, yeah.
That's a huge get, I feel like.
Sure, yeah.
That's an authoritative voice.
A bigger star than Paul and no doubt.
In that, yeah, I mean I was telling you not to put him down
but in this case I would say Sigourney's a bigger.
I feel like there weren't a lot of women for a long time.
Yeah, I mean certainly it's white guy heavy
for the first 40 years or whatever.
Yeah, as I look at it, I think the first woman
was Pat Boone's wife.
And she's accompanied by Pat Boone.
The first solo woman, actually this is kind of interesting,
the first solo woman ever at Disneyland.
Okay, wait, Felicia Rashad had done it in Disney World
but first solo woman in Disneyland, 96, Mary Hart.
Wow.
Women as pioneer, Mary Hart.
Hey, 2009 Epcot Isabella Rossellini,
former partner of David Lynch.
Oh, okay.
I forgot that.
That's a good get too.
Oh actually, and you know what,
actually first woman maybe ever to do it solo,
Paula Zahn.
Why no Annette Funichella,
was Annette Funichella ever in there?
I didn't see that at first glance or third glance.
Too sweet and bubbly to be the scary voice of God.
Who decides now?
Who do you think, there's a board that decides
who has the gravitas to do it maybe.
I don't know if it's a board but maybe.
Maybe one person.
But I feel like we've also gotten off,
I think Annette could do it now.
Right, right, now it's a little bit more diverse
in all areas.
At the, before the qualification,
it was just like a Disney, Charles Hurt went
and drank Cuddy Sark at the bar at Sportsman's Lodge
and he waited to see what character actor
was there until closing.
Which one had to be shaken awake.
That's a bit of a drive,
Sportsman's Lodge in Disneyland.
Yeah, I wonder, I wonder who,
yeah back then what was the,
it was probably Walt himself at the time
but now I wonder who's making the call.
Maybe drinking, but yeah.
Here's another question.
You don't think Sterling K. Brown is getting
shaken out of a stupor at the boardwalk
at African Dab Bar, like.
No, leave that to us.
That's our job.
Oh, okay.
Is this one of those where you get a free trip?
Yes. Is that what happens?
I know. It's like,
you come down Walter Cronkite, you bring your family,
we put you up a Grand Floridian,
or when was that, 88, so before,
whatever the top place was.
Probably that's like,
I don't, cause there's no payment I assume,
but it's like, this is prestigious
and your family gets a free trip.
I would assume that's what's going on.
I just wonder like how many days.
I'm always interested in the details of that.
Has it changed over the years?
This is not something that's public.
I don't know that we ever will have access to this,
but this has to still happen.
You should be able to be there
for the full 25 days of Christmas.
I agree with that.
That would be in my contract.
25 days.
The full, the start of the processional
to the end of the processional,
like they all stay in one hotel building.
It's like a big dorm.
Oh, and everybody's doing it.
All the wires.
Ann Margaret is next to Sterling K. Brown,
and then Brendan Fraser is a few doors down,
and Chrissy Metz is, you know.
I'm heading to Fatone's room.
He's got the lagoon view.
I like the idea that it's like a bottle of Cuddy's.
Sorry.
It's like a big brother house maybe
where they all live in one house together.
All the narrators.
What is his name?
Bart Millard, is that his name?
The Christian rocker has done it a few times.
I don't think.
He's a problem.
He's the party boy. Bart Millard.
I've never heard that name.
From the band Mercy Me, the Christian rock band.
Oh, I've heard of Mercy Me.
Okay.
Bart Millard, wow.
Bart Millard.
That sounds fake.
Keep your eyes on Millard.
Bart Millard.
He's gonna trash his hotel room,
and then plead, no Mercy Me, please.
Don't charge me extra incidentals.
Uh, Meredith Vieira, America Ferrera.
That was almost rhyming.
I was gonna say, that sounds, yeah.
Meredith Vieira, America Ferrera.
It's like an Oprah Uma.
That's the new Oprah Uma.
Cal Ripken Jr.
Gotta have some Sam.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, that's good.
I mean, I know you're there to like respectfully
tell the story of the birth of the Christ child,
but I'd like to like see him slug a few
while he's up there too.
Yeah, whatever they do, they should.
Knock a few into the stands.
Hear some stories about him hitting dingers, you know?
Everyone should be like,
Stamos should play the drums when he does his too.
He should play the drums with it.
If you have a talent or an ability,
you should do it while you're doing the narration
or in between.
Pat Sajak did it.
He should be allowed to spin a big wheel.
Yeah, the wheel should be on there on the stage with him.
Tell you about important tax cuts for the very wealthy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That is very, like you said, Scott,
about like people maybe not knowing this is going on.
Just imagining walking through World Showcase
a little buzzed and looking to your right
and seeing a stage and you're like,
is that Cal Ripken Jr.?
Like, what is going on?
Would you even recognize Cal Ripken Jr.
not in a uniform and a hat?
Yeah.
If he was dressed like Bob Cratchit,
you wouldn't even know who you were looking at.
Do you guys have a dream lineup for this?
Because I've never seen this.
Every year up until a couple years ago,
I would be like, you know what?
Just try to see if I could see this one of these years.
You've thought about that, right?
I've thought about it.
And then it's just like always like,
it's not as long as it is out here as it is at Epcot.
You only got two nights in Disneyland, but yeah.
And it just has never worked out
where we've been down there.
And I know like you can get dining packages
that like guarantee that you have a seat.
Guarantee you seats, yeah.
But you can still like kind of hang around, obviously.
The park's not closed for it.
But it's just never lined up.
It's just one of those things
where after you've gone to Disneyland,
when you're childless, you go to Disneyland so much,
you go, well, what else have we done here?
And this was the top one.
We've done everything but the story of our Christ.
Right, and it never happened.
But I'm trying to think like, yeah,
truly who would I want to do it if I was the decision maker?
Well, there is a name that joined the narrator family
in 2022 that I think leads to the other ones that I want.
And that name is Damon John.
That is of course Damon from Shark Tank.
Oh, right.
Mr. Fubu.
I don't think I've ever seen Damon
in any other forum than Shark Tank.
And he wore a big Dickensian hat.
Oh, wow. It was pretty exciting.
Okay.
And I found video of that one.
And it's really weird to hear him talking,
saying things that aren't, you know,
I will do 300,000 for a 15% stake in your company.
Right.
You're gonna have to say other things.
But anyway, that just makes me want every shark.
I want all sharks.
I want there to be a theme year where it is entirely sharks.
Because the sharks can be somewhat greedy.
Their lives are all about making money.
And don't you, aren't those the peep,
the Scrooges who most need to reflect
on the reason for the season?
So I want to see Cuban do it.
I want to see Kevin O'Leary do it.
Kevin O'Leary might leave a changed man.
He might shed a single tear and give up all his possessions
right then and there to the Walt Disney World
volunteer choir.
Oh, yeah.
He'll just write a bunch of checks and take off his clothes.
Here, my garments.
And just go wander into the lake.
He learned.
He's a fisherman now.
He learned that more likely a camel
get through the eye of a needle.
Yeah.
Than Kevin O'Leary get in heaven.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, I called myself Mr. Wonderful,
but the way I acted was never wonderful until tonight.
Wow, that's beautiful.
Especially if it plays out like that.
Cuban, Laurie, Mr. Wonderful, they're all.
And also, if there's some way for them to all remove
a vast amount of work they've all had done on their faces
in the last five to seven years.
That's gonna be tougher.
If that counts as possessions,
they have to somehow peel the botox out of their skin.
I don't know.
That's gonna be a miracle from God, I think.
It's a tall order.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Robert's got a lot going on in his face right now.
I don't know if that's all coming out.
Fillers, if you can get the fillers out.
Jason, what do you think?
Who's your dream narrator or narrators?
Would you think maybe like Amiya Khalifa?
I don't believe that's the faith that she would
most likely to gravitate towards.
You're right.
The Golden Bachelor, obviously.
You wanna go back to that, like, that's, you know.
Well, he's very handsome. Stentorian, yeah.
What about Eisner doing it?
He never did it.
Cardwalkers passed.
Cardwalkers dead, yes.
But I would like Cardwalkers to do it.
But yeah, Eisner obviously I think would be my number one.
All the hits, Eisner, Katzenberg.
Katzenberg ain't going back there.
Who was the other, the Disney son-in-law
who was a football player, what was his name?
Oh, oh, Ron Miller.
Ron Miller, thank you, Scott.
Ron Miller.
Get all the gang back together.
I would say like, I'm like,
like a Rivers Cuomo maybe doing it would be good.
He's got a gentle voice.
He doesn't have the gravitas,
but since they're doing sort of different types of voices
now, I think that would be good.
Maybe like a whole Lollapalooza run of like,
Rivers Cuomo, Billy Corrigan.
Anthony Kiedis.
Anthony Kiedis.
Yeah, well Billy Corrigan could do it
and Billy Corrigan could do it.
Okay, excuse me.
Perry Farrell, Dexter Holland from The Offspring.
Yeah, a whole lineup of K-Rock bands.
DJ Lethal.
DJ Lethal.
He'll do it all with drops.
Yeah, yeah.
That would be good.
Yeah, any music star at Eat the Beat,
they should just move them over and do the Candlelight.
I mean, a lot of these people,
if you aren't already living in Orlando,
what do you do?
You know, this is where your market is.
Yeah, and there's been no pro wrestler
that's ever done this, I don't think.
No.
That's an entire untapped genre.
Oh, Nash, Kevin Nash.
Podcaster Kevin Nash.
If you could get a wrestler to cut a promo style Nativity,
that would really be good.
A very intense Nativity where it's being yelled at you.
I would like to see another level as far as intensity.
Well, you wanna see shirtlessness at this event.
I would love a narrator that was shirtless, yes.
Or Chippendale's style, like just the bow tie.
Let's get Dennis Franz naked with a little bow tie.
Like Chippendale.
And then he does it, and he does it with his voice.
Well, Matt, a friend of the show,
Matt Cardona would appreciate it.
You know, he is Big Parks guy down in Florida.
You'd appreciate Dennis Franz being nude?
No, no, he'd appreciate doing the Candlelight.
Oh, I'd love for it, Matt, to do it.
I think he'd appreciate that, though, too.
I feel comfortable suggesting that on microphone.
Yeah, no, I think he would like both things,
for him to do it and to see Dennis Franz nude.
I was just trying to think of- I was impressed
by Franz's bow, and just seeing it,
it was a more attractive butt than I anticipated.
I was expecting a Hank Hill ass.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But it was actually- Flat or flabby?
It is not really flat, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I saw Dennis Franz in a Vans,
in a small seaside town in California one time.
Oh, right.
Yeah, I just ran it, he was just shopping.
Wow, was he in the meat section,
was he next to two big hams,
and it reminded you of his naked rear?
Yeah, he was.
It was like Austin Powers 2 gag, kind of a thing.
The two hams were covered in-
You couldn't tell if he was naked behind the ham.
The ham was in the way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Suggestive.
I'm lucky because my favorite actor
has already done it a number of times,
so I'm spoken for.
I'm of course referring to Jim Caviezel.
You love Caviezel, I love Cary Grant, you know.
The greats.
All our favorites.
Uh-huh, I consider him the modern Cary Grant.
I also just, in discovering that,
then YouTube is telling me what other great
Jim Caviezel live performances I should check out,
and I discovered, I don't know how I didn't know,
that in 2012, he went on stage with the band Chicago
and performed If You Leave Me Now.
Really?
And I'll tell you what, he had the voice of an angel.
Wow.
He had the voice of the Christ that he played.
Really?
That's crazy.
Jesus had a beautiful singing voice.
Mm-hmm.
When was the last time Caviezel did it?
Has it been recent?
I feel like it was like 10 years ago.
Caviezel did it in 2016.
Oh, that is recent, okay.
Yes, yeah, yeah.
Now it's before the great awakening that he's had,
the realization that where we go one, we go all.
That's person of interest, Caviezel, you know?
It's just a television star.
The ultimate person of interest is and should be
Jesus our Lord.
Yeah.
It also reminded me how it is funny
that I totally forgot all this.
Five years ago, Disney, having bought Fox,
found themselves the owners of a fully produced
feature film called Sound of Freedom.
And then years passed, they didn't know what to do with it.
The pandemic delayed all of it.
They're like, we gotta get rid of this thing.
The people who made the movie wanted to get it back.
They did.
They, him having been to Disney World and done this,
like it's amazing to be here for the holidays
and this time of year.
Then he had to shift course and say,
I think Disney didn't want this movie getting out there.
They were trying to hide it from you
because it maybe reveals some of the things that they do.
He literally implied.
Yeah.
And then, but they got it back.
Disney did not release Sound of Freedom.
Sound of Freedom went on to trounce most of
Walt Disney Company's feature films in 2023.
By far, by far.
This was the number 10 domestic film of the year.
Disney probably.
I don't think Dark Money is going to bat
for Dial of Destiny, you know?
They're not like.
There wasn't the pay it forward ticket scheme
either for Dial of Destiny.
I know, cause they were dumb.
They didn't do the best scheme in the world.
Right.
This is how Jim Caviezel's movies succeed.
They all, the church groups go by in droves.
They go in buses and they easily trounce
Haunted Mansion and the Marvels.
Yeah, yes.
So they, next year, that'll be the trick maybe.
You know, Deadpool 3, pay it forward tickets.
And then it'll be the biggest movie of all time.
Yeah.
And, but, you know, will that be enough?
I think they just, they gotta go all the way
and make Deadpool religious.
Oh, sure.
Show that Deadpool is snarky.
But.
But not so snarky that he doesn't know what's important.
Of course.
You know, you could put it towards the end.
Just say, and now a reading from the book of Luke.
Well, that sort of does it.
I feel like I think you survived Podcast The Ride,
the beginning of our holiday overlay.
What about us?
Couldn't we do it?
I also thought we should be doing this.
I thought that would be a good idea.
Three, they've never done three at once.
Yeah, we take turns.
But yeah, I think that that would make a lot of sense.
And we will promise them, I swear to you,
Disney Company, for this religious event,
we will not talk about cum and jizz and seeds
as we have done in, I would say,
a high volume of episodes.
You get punchy doing this sometimes.
Here's what we'll do.
We'll make sure that there will be no talk
of any of that untoward stuff because we will all
get on an app that monitors each other's intake
of official materials on the web.
Accountability.
I will say, though, if we were to do
the Candlelight Processional, I will dress up
as a little drummer boy.
I don't know the first thing about playing drums,
but it will be very clean and very Christmassy.
The clean the suit, like the suit you're wearing?
So I'm gonna be clean.
Oh, clean, you mean the material, sorry.
Yeah, clean in terms, yeah.
Yeah, okay, well that's great.
I think that I would also dress up as a drummer boy
or a different character, one of the three wise men, perhaps.
So Scott, I don't know what you're dressed up as.
I wanna be on top of that big tree.
I'm gonna be a star head.
You'll be like Maggie's kind of Christmas coat.
Yeah.
It's kind of a big star.
Give me a big solo.
Yeah.
I'll get the falsetto.
Go!
Did you ever have to do that when you were little?
I was a boy choir.
Yeah, so you had to.
Yeah, yeah, I still got it.
Okay, do you know all the songs pretty well still?
I mean, these are Christmas songs.
It's not like, I know kind of like
a way in the manger and stuff.
Oh yeah, how far could I get through like?
Could you do the whole, if called upon like tonight,
they go, we need one person to fill in.
Give me one of these types of songs.
A way in the manger.
A way in the manger, no sleep for a,
no wait, no, no crib for a,
fuck shit, fuck it up, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
The star is saying fuck in a high pitched voice
over and over. Oh no, the wish star
has started cursing. Shut it down.
They're not gonna let us do it now.
Event canceled, never again.
Damn it.
