Forever.
Dog.
Warning, the following podcast may include unpunctual robotic housekeepers, masturbatory
drop rides, and a special appearance by the Huffs.
Then we're going to level with you.
There's something to talk about that is actually kind of serious, but don't worry, it'll be
hopeful and we'll get through it together.
Let's dive in.
Orlando Trip Report on Podcast The Ride.
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, where we're back from Florida and can finally produce a long-awaited
episode about a major attraction, the Orlando Airport Trams.
I'm Scott Garner joined by Mike Carlson.
I've got an ooh out of you.
So excited because I text people I know that I'm on the tram at the airport.
Oh, that's when you've seen it.
I did it.
I texted like three different people.
I made it.
I landed.
I texted three different people.
Some people did not know what I was showing them.
I will say that.
So you only sent just picture or video and you're waiting for a like, hmm?
Yes.
Like, what is I got one?
What is this?
I was like, I'm on the tram at MCO.
I'm at MCO.
Don't you understand?
This is a cousin to when you were you were going into Bare Naked Ladies, schtick, to
Nate, to Mr. Morrow.
And just diving in with like, no, you're going to have to help me.
I don't remember the drummer's name, but you just go like, you know, and I've met Jim
and silence.
Like I don't know if he was a player.
So OK, OK.
Oh, wait, who's the drummer?
Tyler and Bare Naked Ladies.
Oh, then I was OK.
Jim is the one I remember hearing.
Jim Cregan is the bass player.
I have met him.
You know, and while we're naming names, Jason Sheridan, I mean, to like box you out due
to intro man.
Not at all.
Not at all.
Mike, do you do the point when Orlando Mayor Buddy Dwyer starts welcoming you?
I certainly do.
Now we know that's the meat of the episode when we do, which I actually think is a good
episode.
But clearly we're going to have to explain it from the ground up because some fools out
there don't know the Orlando Airport tram on site.
I mean, this is an yeah, the Orlando Airport tram is definitely it's the first ride, the
first and last ride of your trip.
Yeah, you get greeted with a ride right when you get there.
I got to you know, we're sort of like this.
This will be kind of a grab bag.
We'll talk about a lot of Orlando stuff.
And while we're doing that, just the way things worked out and the age that my son is at,
this was the first trip where I've been away, like basically phone conversations work.
And I told you guys about that while I was there, which was and I'd have to slip away
and then get to talk to him on the phone and he understands.
And it's like a good, tight little conversation.
And we actually like understand each other.
And I get some really sweet I love you, daddy.
And I it was really wonderful.
But that was I was also sending little videos and I sent a video from the Orlando and I'm
explaining like I'm taking a train to go to a plane.
And and he saw that and like, whoa, cool.
He's very transportation minded right now.
So it read to him.
Yeah, he got it.
The three year old. Yeah.
MC. Oh, wow.
Mayor Buddy Dwyer.
Did you get off at Terminal B or A?
Or the brand new C that doesn't I didn't I didn't end up taking the monorail to see.
I don't even know if it goes there necessarily.
They're not. Do you not get a ride?
If you're well, I took a lift right up to Terminal C.
So maybe it does actually.
Oh, but you get to go right up to the terminal.
Yes, exactly. So I was actually surprised with that.
But yeah. OK.
Yeah. Well, I'm setting up a good, you know, a
Orlando hyper specific transportation minded kid.
I'm I'm I'm already on the way.
And one of the toys I got on the way out the door was a really good toy,
I would say, of the Disney World parking lot trams.
A vehicle I'm unfamiliar with because I never parked there.
So it's not iconic to me.
But nonetheless, I see that and I'm like, oh, well, that's a toy.
You can only get here. Love that.
Do they look like the ones at Disneyland?
Similar that it's white.
It's a little more. It's very 90s.
It's very like because I feel like I remember at that time a lot of like
just the big word Disney in like purple or green, kind of a 90s
purple and green splashed diagonally across the tram
and kind of like too big where it's getting like cropped a little bit.
But that's the fun. It's been a great text.
I have learned a little about the purple and green signs recently.
I was reading about them because they've been taking
they've been replacing a lot of them.
OK. And does that mean the road signs?
The road signs specifically, I'm talking.
Which I definitely like.
Those are those are some of those things that take me
not just to Disney World, but to childhood Disney. Absolutely.
I love to see it, but they're going away a little.
They're slowly going away, as I think partially an aesthetic change
and partially like, well, these have been up for 30 years
and they're starting to fall apart.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK. Well, you can't find you know, that's
that's a kind of retro that I don't like.
It's so yeah.
No, you get hit by enough hurricanes.
So starts to wear down.
Oh, yeah. They get they get battered there for sure.
Well, OK. So we're you know, we're going to talk about some
some Orlando stuff and I think and some other stuff going on with us.
It's been kind of a hectic time, I would say.
And and a lot going on, especially with these these live shows
we've been doing as we record this.
We're not that far out, not just from the Orlando shows, but the the L.A. shows.
For haunt cast, the Fright at Dynasty typewriter.
And here's why I'm going backwards to that, because I think we left a thread
loose in those and understandably because
Fright Fest with Gio was a jam packed episode.
That is one that would have been an hour longer.
Yeah. We didn't have to worry about the staff of a theater.
And so regrettably, a couple of things fall by the wayside.
And I feel like I've picked up on listeners maybe noticing that something
one thread was dropped and I don't want them to be worried about you, Mike.
So I ask you now as set up in the show,
what happened to your wallet and identification
which were lost during the evening at Fright Fest?
Yeah, that's a good question, because we set it up early and then we ran out of time.
So I think what happened was Gio and I went over
by the fire where we could smell gas, which is where that very tall
stilt alien was hanging out.
And we were we were getting so excited about the stilt alien,
because I took a big photo with a couple of photos, really.
And then we're sort of roaming around trying to figure out what to do next.
And then we see that there is a like cash register list
Amazon store in Six Flags.
Excuse me? Telling what? Snickers?
Not Snickers, not Snickers, but like so does.
Evening Snickers. Yeah, like soda.
Just it's like a convenience store in the Six Flags, like one of those like
grab what you like scan your phone on the way in, grab what you want and leave.
And that's it. And it charges you.
This is this is absolutely one of these set up by corporations
that it just needs to check a box and they don't actually care if anyone's using it.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know. They made a deal with Six Flags to test.
Like, I'm not exactly sure why it was here.
Yeah, but I'm proud to announce this.
Do you care if any, no, any human being goes in there?
No, that's not what it's about.
There was going to be proud to announce something. Right.
There was no one in there.
I don't think it was pretty small, but there was no one in there.
I think people were confused by it.
And I said, OK, I have to try this.
I have I've never done one of these before.
Not that it's that amazing.
But so I went in there and I opened up my phone.
I've recently gotten a new
phone case that claims to block the EMF signals,
the electromagnetic frequencies that a phone gives out.
So I said, oh, I need that.
I need to be blind. I need the energy.
Is that the kind of thing you worry about, Mike?
To some degree, I do. Yes.
OK, I guess that scans.
It's not it's not necessarily Michael McKeehan on Breaking Bad situation yet
for me, but maybe it gets there. I don't know.
So that's you with checking.
That's you. Yeah, that's a different.
Yeah, you retrofit your house and kick everybody out of it
so you can just be a full time checker.
There's like 10. I have like 20 phones like and I'm just kind of doing it all in a row.
You have like poles attached to each finger.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. So they all are with like with like skin on them.
So they're kind of like they are.
They can all kind of like fingerprints. Yeah.
Yeah. So every single finger can be checking.
And there's a head on each one to to unlock the phone that way if I need to.
So my face is perfectly recreated
so that the face ID will open the phone as well.
Some dummy companies. Yeah.
We're too prepared for this scenario.
You've thought about this before.
Yeah, I know. Oh, I've planned my checking house. Yeah. Yeah.
So I open it and I'm realizing I'm looking in it.
And the way it holds like cards is shitty.
It's great at blocking radiation.
It's so good. Look, the thing you buy it for.
Great. But holding items.
But holding items. It's terrible.
And I look and I go, holy shit, my cards are gone.
Everything in here is gone, except for maybe one thing.
And I forget even what it was.
And I come outside and I go, gee, I
this is going to sound like I did this on purpose.
I lost my driver's license and my debit card.
And I think I had one credit card left.
And I was like, there's another card in there.
I don't remember what I had.
And he's like, what?
I go, yeah, I think I he goes, well, did you take it out?
I go, well, I don't I didn't show my ID at like a like a house or anything.
And then I paid mobile.
I mobile ordered the Johnny Rockets.
So I go, I don't small miracles.
Rockets is a mobile. So wasn't that so much?
I didn't use my debit for Rockets when I was taking the photo with the tall alien,
I think my cards must have fallen out.
I just didn't notice.
Were you like, was there something about that?
You were looking up high, you're craning your head and perhaps the rest of your body.
And it just caused kind of a big lean of all of you and all of your items.
Yes, it's possible that the crane I crane so much that the cards fell out.
The angle was so great.
It's such a steep angle that the cards fell right out.
I didn't notice I was so like taken by this alien performer that I just didn't hear
the sound of the cards falling on the ground.
Or there was some sort of explosion by the sort of the fire machine, whatever it was.
And I just got distracted.
Is this a Six Flags scheme?
Are they like we need stilt walkers out there so people drop their wallets.
I thought about...
And then we can use their debit cards to fund the purchase of Cedar Fair.
I thought...
You've been really scrounging for pennies and times.
I did think like maybe there were like roving gangs of like Oliver Twist's roaming Six Flags.
I have to say, I've been wrongfully assuming this whole time
since this was left open that you were Picpah.
I've been blaming Valencia Teens.
Oh, oh.
Or street urchins.
I don't think so.
When here it was just a horrible phone case.
I think it was a poor design, poorly designed.
I've actually just changed.
I still have the case, but I've moved all the cards into this like thing here.
But it used to be here.
And these things just slip out.
If you pull it out and you're upside down, I think they just slip out.
It's really badly designed.
But again, those...
You are...
You've put by avoiding the signals.
Right, what is it? The waves?
EMF?
Yeah.
Electromagnetic frequency.
OK, so you've added, you know, four hours to your life by avoiding the frequencies.
Right, but I had to cancel the card, the debit card immediately.
I went to Lost and Found.
Very nice person there.
And she's like, I go, I lost my driver's license and debit.
Because she's like, oh, like she was like, oh, man.
You fucking idiot.
But she goes, let me take a look.
What's your name?
And then she came back and she had my like medical ID, like my medical insurance card.
So that was in there.
So somebody obviously found it.
Maybe I lost it much earlier.
I don't know, because this was probably like 30 minutes after the alien photo.
So somebody had returned my insurance card to Lost and Found,
but not my debit card license.
So teens made off with those.
They couldn't make heads or tails of that.
Yeah. So I...
Group number.
What the hell is it?
Can we use this to steal anything?
I don't think so.
They could have picked up some free COVID tests maybe from Kaiser,
but that would be about it, I think.
But I don't know.
So, so yeah, I wanted to know if it was like somebody took the driver's license,
debit card and then just left that.
And then somebody else grabbed it and brought it to Lost and Found.
Or somebody was like, well, I'll take these two, but I'm going to return this card for him.
So I went there and then I checked at the end of the night.
No, no luck.
I called a day or two later and it went.
It literally went to like someone's answering machine.
The official Six Flags phone number goes.
This is Daffy Duck.
It was not that fun.
You've lost any item.
It was not that fun, but it was like I went to like on the menu.
I was like going, you know, press three for this press for like beep, beep, beep.
And then it took me right to like an old school sounding answering machine of somebody.
It's like, hey, this is Barbara.
If you've got a question, leave the leave the message here and I'll try to get back to you.
And I was like, I'm not seeing these again.
So I went to the DMV and I paid you have to pay like forty dollars or something.
And yeah, sat and waited and did it.
So I never got them back.
Somebody in Valencia, though, has them and I hope they're using them well.
You don't you haven't sensed any activity.
You haven't caught anything.
I haven't seen anything.
It's possible my identity could be stolen, though.
Do you this might be a point of this is a cool thing.
Maybe maybe you've helped some Valencia teens buy some beers.
Yeah, by John Taffer's brown butter.
Do you think that's what they're buying? Yeah.
Yeah, they love it. They love celebrity alcohol.
Oh, OK. That's a Valencia teen.
Valencia teens love it.
Well, you're the one who's always on TikTok.
So like maybe you were seeing like, hey, we're in Valencia.
We're drinking John Taffer's brown butter bourbon or whatever the hell is.
I have restrained myself from getting a TikTok account
because I know I would just get sucked in.
But you always seem to know the terms.
So that's why I know you're going to pick up so many young person terms.
I see the Instagram, you know, people upload stuff to Instagram Reels.
They'll make the important terms will make their way.
Yeah, the terms will make their way.
Yeah. Yeah.
So I I hope I helped.
Yeah, yeah, yes.
You've you've you've helped so many needy teens get the brown butter bourbon.
Valencia has given me so much and given the show so much.
I'm glad to give back.
That's what I feel.
You've you've always you give yourself to the show,
and now you've literally given yourself to some 14 year old,
some 14 year old handing over my license like and then like the shopkeepers like.
So he holds it. He's like, so what's your name?
Oh, my girl.
Michael Carlson.
Just the talkies and the digits bourbon, please.
This is your six three.
Yeah, he straightens up immediately.
That's right.
Hey, look over there.
He knocks some cans over, stands on top of the cans.
OK, yeah, you are taller.
I just I didn't see it.
My eyes too long of a day.
Let's see. Well, OK.
Hmm. You look young.
And so does the person in this photo who definitely looks like somebody
who likes young people's music, like, let's say, Olivia Rodrigo's guts.
At least half of it.
All right. Your story checks out.
Hey, what Ninja Turtle photo what Ninja Turtle toy are you holding in the photo?
Answer that question.
Ray, fillet.
OK, story checks out.
You always sneak. That's your driver's license move.
It's the sneak just like right before they take the picture.
Get to get at least the eyes up there.
Yeah. Ray, what's the character?
Ray, fillet is Ray, fillet.
You might know him as man Ray because he's had different names in different media.
So like a stingray.
Yes, Ray, fillet is in the new turtles, but he was the name of the toy was Ray, fillet.
But they called him man Ray in the comics and other other media.
But yeah, you've seen him. I think you've seen him.
It sounds kind of familiar.
Post Malone does his voice in the new movie.
And when that's cool, that's right.
That's that's a young person's person to like.
That's right. OK.
Well, I wanted to to get through that.
Let's just as we clear things out in order here.
Now we move to Orlando, where I think we've got enough kind of stray bits
to talk about and to do a little bit of a trip report.
Now, not to be redundant, because obviously, listeners,
you will be hearing a lot of Orlando trip reporting,
a lot of the adventures that we went on in the event that you now know is coming.
The City Walk Orlando Saga, Multiverse of Madness, coming Q1 2024.
Just want to keep that excitement level up about it.
Yeah. You know, because we've already you know, we're already a little bit out from the trip.
And I you know, it's up to us to keep the City Walk magic in our hearts
and in our in our stomachs, in our intestinal lining.
I'll never forget.
Yeah, I think we did a good job of making sure that it stuck with us.
It's you know, City Walk was the main reason to go,
which was an insane thing to do, an abomination
in the eyes of the Lord to spend that much time at City Walk.
But of course, we made time for for other things,
because I think the degree of depression we would have had
if we didn't slip away for some other stuff.
So we had a great time at at at food and wine and at Epcot in general.
And OK, to step all the way back,
if you see if you see if you guys agree with this statement,
I was just thinking how I don't think it ever feels better to be
the host of this show, to be hosting a theme park podcast than when we are in Orlando.
I mean, oh, yeah, how great was just like everybody we get to run into,
like the just the the the kindness of people, the spirit of everybody,
the the audience at these shows and people who were meeting,
who feel like we've been friends of them for years,
even though we're just meeting them for the first time.
I got so much joy and positivity out of going there.
I hope you guys did, too.
Yeah, it is.
It is like the cheers of states or cities, I suppose.
Cheers of state is not.
No, not if we walked in the governor's mansion or something, but
Orlando specifically.
Yeah, it's true.
There's a lot of probably a lot of parts of Florida where we would not find ourselves.
Yeah, but it were Orlando specifically.
Oh, my God.
From the welcome of Mayor Buddy Dwyer as soon as we arrived,
Jason got the key to the city from Buddy Dwyer upon on the tram.
Yeah, he was waiting for me.
Yeah, but it happened.
That's happened to you so many times.
You're like throw it on the pile.
I got so many keys to the city.
The key, your big key ring that you have every day now.
But yes, it's it's it's very it feels very warm.
It feels very nice.
Kidding.
There's I look there a couple of times you go, maybe we should just move down here.
Yeah, we fool in here, you know.
Maybe this is where we belong.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
It's it's fun, although there's also there's an aspect to it.
I mean, what I would say to you almost in some ways was a taste of that of like,
well, let's let's take our time.
Let's go to these establishments that we usually just just rush past
in the, you know, in the mad dash to get on a ride or something.
But to be able to stop and take in a take in a film,
take in some fine dining, of course.
Yes.
Yeah, it showed us what it's like to be a local.
Now, that's probably incorrect and probably Orlando locals who we met
or were at our show were thinking, I don't ever step foot in that place.
Yeah. But you guys are the only freaks who go to City Walk all the time,
living in Hollywood.
Los Angeles, a fair amount of people either work in the parks
or tangentially for the companies.
And they're like, yeah, I'm just here.
You know, you get the employee discounts or you get, you know,
passes or whatever.
And especially Universal, there's residential neighbor like chains.
Like that's Dr.
Phillips High School, as we're like pulling on the strip.
I've thought about that, how there is a high school like that's
across the street from Jurassic Park, the ride. Yes.
That's pretty fun.
They must be very distracted over there.
I know I would be.
Yeah. You mean like they're imagining like, oh, we could be on the ride right now.
If you if you're in a classroom with a view of that building,
they imagine you're if you were me, I would be thinking about it
full time not to jump around too much.
Maybe this will be a jump around kind of conversation.
I've never been until this trip.
I'd never been on Jurassic Park, the ride there.
Oh, really?
Or what Jurassic there it's called Jurassic Park River Adventure.
Right. Because it's it's newish that I've gotten a little braver.
All right. Right. Of course.
With these things, I think, you know, I'd only done the original in Hollywood
one time, so it was kind of fun to do that.
Now that we have Jurassic World here
with our pals from the ride.
Why am I forgetting their names all of a sudden?
Claren. Claren.
Yeah, Claren. I'm so apologies to Claren.
Owen Dennis.
It was Owen Dennis.
Owen Grady. Owen Grady.
What's Owen? Claire Dearing.
Owen is the creator of Infinity Trap.
Oh, that's right.
I knew that was a name floating around our world.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK.
But anyway, fun to do that, to go to kind of the you know,
it's there's just a little bit of a 90s, a little bit of a throwback to it,
much like the signs, like the colors are a little bit like
you feel the 90s of it and I like the bright yellow of the vehicle.
And you know what's the thing?
I didn't have it memorized at all.
And I didn't know that there was this gag with dropping the crate
on you right before the lift hill.
Oh, oh, because I didn't go on it this time.
I have been on it, though.
You're saying right before you go to like where the car was in Hollywood.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Was there never a car in Florida?
I actually don't know the answer to that. I'm not sure.
So was that gag in Hollywood ever that there's a big does this even say
because I didn't know this at all that just like I think there's a there's a Raptor
or something in it and it's a really heavy looking crate
and it doesn't drop until you're right under it and it drops a distressing degree.
It actually does freak you out.
Oh, yeah. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Yeah.
I think it's supposed to be a Raptor cage. OK.
Well, if they ever had it in Hollywood, they shouldn't have taken it out.
Maybe it was a replacement for the Jeep dropping, which never worked great.
Yeah. I mean, I've seen the Jeep drop many times, but I think toward the end,
it was not always functioning.
They certainly don't have it in Orlando now.
I don't. That's my question now is if they ever did.
Apologies. I'm just flying into this conversation without having done the research.
I do another full episode on the old ride.
I guess so. It's got a different crate.
There's a crate in the new crate.
Yeah, we don't have memorized.
Anyway, that's that's a straight bit. Let me kick it to you guys.
Any big like stories, revelations,
highlights of your time in Orlando?
You know, I.
Well, I want to give a big shout out.
I didn't expect it to like this much.
I thought it was more utilitarian, but Sapphire Falls, the hotel.
We had a great time. Great.
Like it's really nice.
That's a that's a universal hotel.
Yeah, it's on. It's one of the boat connected ones.
It's one of the boat connected ones,
but it doesn't automatically come with express like Hard Rock
or Portofino Bay or Royal Pacific.
So you there's an upcharge there for maybe a few reasons,
but one being that you can skip lines.
Yeah, yeah. Automatically was so.
But this was it was great.
The food was all great.
The boats, I don't think we waited more than five minutes ever for a boat.
And the thing about the boat hotels is you do security there.
So you don't have to do it at City Walk.
Yeah, I was unfamiliar with the boat system until now.
I've been saying for a long time,
I've kind of only done Disney World hotels or even like peripheral
like Lake Pointe of Vista, right?
Or a very memorable time at a Radisson just outside property
where I would not go back probably again.
But I've been saying for a while, and especially with City Walk
as our the main thing we were doing, I was very excited to do
Universal as the base.
And let me tell you, I think this is the move forever.
I loved Universal as the base. Yeah. Love the boat.
I was an ad a boat connected one, but I was at Aventura,
which is just a quick walk through Sapphire Falls.
Yeah. You might as well be on the boat line.
And it's like it was the Aventura is a really good
I don't know if it's where I'd stay with with my family.
I don't know if I'd take my son, but as a, you know, as a person there,
as a business traveler, as someone there for work, you know, to check out
all the establishments at City Walk Orlando for for like a room
that you're not really going to be in and what you pay for it.
And then it's a little like quieter and away from the,
you know, like the the noise and theme parkiness a little bit.
I loved it.
I don't Mike, how do you feel you were you were also at a universal
to a little bit further. Endless summer, which is on the bus.
There was no boat.
I couldn't take a boat, but it still was a really quick bus ride to City Walk.
I think I think when it comes like the thing that I'm really still excited
about with Disney World is just like hanging out on the boardwalk
or going to the contemporary or the Polynesian.
That's the only I would I've never done.
Well, no, I did it as a kid, but I've I've never as an adult done.
I mean, look, I let me not be around the bush.
I know where I want to stay.
I want to stay at the Swannadolphin.
Well, never done it.
Being able to like, yeah, that has its own appeal.
I guess that's the but all of these hotels now have tripled,
quadrupled in price from eight years ago, five years ago.
So it's like if we're going to try to just do a regular trip
that is not going to be a million dollars, universal is the way to go.
Yeah, because it's not too far.
If you rent a car, I rented a car this time, like not too far of a drive
to go to Disney.
Yes, the only scenario where I think I want to stay at Disney is if
like a great aunt leaves me millions of dollars
and I'm going to spend like a thousand dollars a night
to stay at like a Polynesian or something. Sure.
So, yeah, I think that it makes a lot of sense because like the all
I like the ulcer resorts fine and there's some perks to being there.
But I don't know, there's an energy universal now.
It feels like maybe the energy has moved around a little bit.
Yeah, the vibes are just better at university.
It's more relaxing.
I mean, my family discovered this years ago of like, oh, it's really nice
to stay here. It's so much more manageable and everything.
You walk to or take a boat to. Yeah.
As opposed to look like Disney World, no matter where you are,
there's going to be a bunch of transportation hassle.
Yeah, it's just going to like being at Boardwalk or whatever
doesn't really help you when you're going to like to the outs.
If you're if you're going to Animal Kingdom or Animal Kingdom lot,
like you're still possibly getting really lengthy bus rides.
Yeah, a really lengthy lifts or whatever.
So I'm kind of like, well, if we're going to be lifting,
we just lift over to there in general. Right.
And then like, like, stay, make my base
at the parks where like per capita, the amount of amazing rides
you're going to get within walking distance of each other is really, really high.
Yeah. Just getting like, I don't know.
I'm getting more and more universal centric.
We went to the Epcot Food and Wine the one day.
Another day, we all went to Disney World,
but we're kind of doing our own thing and split up.
And I ended up at Animal Kingdom
and then Magic Kingdom with some friends of Jane's who live down there.
And they were so packed to the gills.
And simultaneously, I'm like, I bet if they ran everything at full capacity,
like all restaurants, all live shows, parks open late,
these crowds would abate a little like they would die down a little.
But then also one of one of the friends was like,
there are radio ads playing down here saying Disney,
certain parts of Disney are like now hiring seven hundred dollar signing boat.
So it's like they're having trouble getting people.
But it's like the parks are a little out of control.
Everything felt very busy.
And it's like the parks just there's a here's here's this.
Maybe people are going to be very upset with me after I say this.
But in some ways, even though there's new great stuff at Epcot
and I'll always love Epcot in some ways,
like being in Toon Lagoon feels more vibrant and alive
than being in parts of Epcot.
Well, you mean so you don't like you don't like the parts that are
still construction walls and have been for years, years of construction walls.
Just like it feels like Future World still kind of decaying.
Obviously, figment is decaying.
Like I was in Toon Lagoon and I'm like, Toon Lagoon doesn't feel tired to me.
I don't know. Like they're keeping it up.
I know that. But like, I don't know what it is.
Is it me? Is it is it the actual space?
Is it just vibes?
Is the are the vibes of Toon Lagoon so fresh?
Well, the vibes and also there were construction walls in Toon Lagoon and
Marvel Super Hero Island.
But it's just upkeep.
They're painting, they're repairing stuff.
And it's like, I'm all for that.
Like, yeah, put a fresh coat of paint on something.
Come at me for this, I think.
But whatever, I'm ready.
If you're if you're if you go there, you go to these parks
and you're honest with yourself, I think it's just look, I grew I grew up.
I was much more of a Disney kid than Universal kid.
But you got to.
Yeah, I don't know.
You have to think about where the energy is.
Where is the absolutely?
And I think it's I think the universal parks are feeling closer to Disneyland.
California adventure out here, where there's only like a small strip of land
separating. Well, yeah, that's just like nice jam packed with stuff.
And you don't have like the vast swaths of parks that haven't been
touched in a significant way in 30 years.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's true.
I mean, I look, I'll say this and I know that if you're not a Club Three subscriber,
maybe you don't know about the controversy.
Another controversy I waded myself into when I said I never thought
I never gave a shit about Port of Entry.
People were very upset.
I will say I spent some time in Port of Entry.
I sat I ate some sort of a breakfast sandwich there.
I saw a tall lady pirates on stilts to talk more about stilts.
Oh, a lot of performers out, I feel like.
Yes. Never noticed before.
But there were a lot of performers.
A lot of original characters.
One of those pirates.
I met at our live show as a listener.
One of the pirates was in the pirates.
Yeah. The tall pirate.
Not the tall pirate.
OK, because there were two ladies that were tall, like extra tall pirates.
I don't recall anyone on stilts at the live show.
Was anyone on stilts at the live show?
No, I know.
I think we would have addressed the person on stilts.
But, you know, you never know at Icon Park.
That's what it's called, right?
Where we were. Yeah.
For whatever.
Somehow I thought I did not realize the venue was in the middle of Icon Park.
That was crazy.
I wish we'd gotten more Icon Park time.
And actually now is a good time to address what I saw when the lift dropped me off,
which is two big tanks and then a QR code that you could scan to join the army.
Oh, wow. Really?
All that under a Ferris wheel.
So wild.
Could you get in the tanks to take a photo?
I didn't. We had to do stuff to do.
Yeah.
I just real quick want to say, though, that I do appreciate Port of Entry more now.
Just having really taken the time,
because I think in the past, I've been just so Marvel brained.
I want to go right to Superhero Island.
And no, I did Port of Entry.
You know what? I also it was kind of forced.
It was kind of because I will say this complain about staying at Universal.
Well, there is the perk of an hour of early entrance at Islands of Adventure.
Yeah. And then I got in there and like could not get to anything that I wanted to do.
Right.
It was an unbelievable line to get in there.
And then once in there, Hagrid's already says a two hour wait somehow.
And then half the park is closed.
And what I really wanted to do was Spider-Man.
So I did at least get to I was like in prime position to just go straight to Spider-Man.
But I was forced to take in the Port of Entry sites and sounds
to chill out with a coffee for a minute.
And hey, you know what? Not so bad.
Not so bad to sit and reflect and imagine where this where this port could take you.
I mean, look, we were hanging out there a couple of times.
We watched the sunset.
I sense that you were having like romance.
I sense that you were.
Am I correct? The times.
Beautiful night.
We weren't expecting it.
I look, I got off the plane and a few hours later,
I was at Port of Entry of Marvel Superhero Island. Yes.
Did we say Port of Entry is the entrance to the Islands of Adventure?
I think I forgot to say that for maybe a listener who didn't know what Port of Entry was.
How could how could there be such a person?
You didn't recognize the tram. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You don't know what port of and you didn't know that the name of it is
Fano's Lighthouse.
Fero's Lighthouse. Fero's Lighthouse.
Like the eighth one of the eight wonders of the ancient world.
Yeah. So I yeah, we were having room.
We watched sunset.
We shared a cigarette or two.
Oh, yeah. You got big long cigarettes.
That was your Orlando treat was long cigarettes.
Jane, I said like, oh, it'd be funny to take a picture of Port of Entry
with a Starbucks and a sleeve of Cinnabons, which the sleeve of Cinnabons were delicious.
I mobile a sleeve of many Cinnabons.
Simple man.
Just like a coffee, a long cigarette and a sleeve of Cinnabons.
Did you get the sleeve at
in Islands of Adventure or was it at City Walk?
At Islands. OK, thank God.
Because if it was City Walk, I would say we got to edit this part out.
Yeah, save it.
Yeah, save it. OK, cute.
Yeah, I mobile ordered it.
The man who looked like Napoleon Dynamite.
I was kind of watching the window and I was like, there is no one else here.
How is this not ready yet?
And then and then we went to the smoking area,
which is a beautiful outcropping of fake rocks.
And we saw the lights coming on because Islands of Adventure is great
colored lighting.
And there was already Christmas decorations up.
Oh, yeah, we had to see the Christmas transition in a lot of places.
That was very nice. At the hotel when we checked in.
First, we got the hotel at like
645 in the morning because we flew in on a red eye.
And this is this mood.
I don't understand this mood and that you like want to like
then get to a hotel and sleep as soon as you get in.
Well, because I had done this before at Universal and it worked.
I got there and they're like, we have a bunch of rooms ready.
Do you want to pick where you're staying?
And and so we went and did the just open breakfast buffet.
Shout out to Patty, our waitress at Amatista Cook House.
We saw her like every day and she was so nice
when we were passing to get to the boat dock.
She always come out and say hi to us.
So we eat the breakfast buffet.
No buffet today. I'm getting a sleeve.
Sleep for me, Patty.
We got them a faith that we went up to the room and slept for a few hours.
It was great. And then we went to board of entry in Marvel Superhero Island.
I guess it does sound I don't know.
I'm just I'm not a red eye guy.
Well, he's also you do the right thing.
Can fall asleep on the plane.
That's an issue. I can't.
I can't do. Yeah.
Jane Jane is kind of a crapshoot, whether it's a morning flight or red eyes.
So she's like, I don't really care.
Just throw me in. Yeah, I can have sleep or whatever.
So yeah.
And I was talking to the front desk guy and I was like, how's it going?
Is busy this time of year and sort of thing.
And he got a look on his face said he had just gotten back from a war.
It's like, I'm just glad our nights is over.
Oh, yeah. I was like, well, Christmas is coming up.
And he's like Christmas last year was a breeze compared to our night.
And every team member I talked to was like, I'm just glad our night's done.
Like, I think it's such a it might be one of their busiest times of the
I mean, it's definitely one of their busiest times and it might be the busiest time there.
And it's also just like extended hours and it's like a whole nother
chunk of time or staff. Sure.
I'm crazy because of the park.
I mean, if our nights runs to one or two, then the boats run until three or so.
Sure. At least. Yeah.
Boy. Yeah.
Well, I think we picked the right time to go and weather was pretty good.
And yeah, that pocket.
It's not to say that there weren't little curses throughout.
Mike missed his flight.
That was a full miss of a flight.
I've never missed a flight in my life.
And I missed the flight, which is surprising because you've cut it pretty close.
I've said you're that kind of like to cut it close.
I don't like to fly. Yeah.
Psychologically, I think part of me is just like, I want to like
go from security right onto the plane, not think about it.
I don't want to sit.
And so I'm so confused by this because you're also the most anxiety ridden.
You've got your pocket full of ray blockers.
What you would say, what you would say about an anxious person, though,
on some level is they like it.
You would say that I'm actually looking for the anxiety in a lot of ways,
which is something you have to check, keep in check.
So in some ways, you have to keep checking.
Yeah, right.
Checking is sort of anxiety, which my brain likes on some level.
And that's the phone alerts is like to have just an endless
void of noise. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So your brain likes it because it's familiar and then it's a little bit
comfortable, even though it's uncomfortable. Right.
But then how are you not like, I'm losing time, I'm losing time.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. Like I was. OK.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No, no, I was.
Because my anxiety is I need to be at the airport two and a half to two hours early.
I'm closer to that. Yeah. Yeah.
I got out of the it was a heartbreak.
I was I don't know the big thunder line very well in Florida.
And there was so I didn't know where I was.
I was like, if I round this corner and I don't see the trains,
I have to leave to make sure that I get back to my family in time.
And I rounded the corner and I saw no train.
And oh, well, that'll do it.
I put in that time for nothing.
It's pretty long.
And you are at the very back end of the park.
Yeah, you're right. A dead end corner.
Yep, yep, yep.
I hear there's a lot of land back there and there's a lot of wishes and dreams
that could be put back there.
We've been letting our imagination, we've been starting to think about
what else could be over there anyway. Moving on.
It was two years ago already, right?
Yeah, geez. Yeah.
They keep announcing they keep announcing nothing for that end of the park.
Anyway, thinking about it.
Oh, no, I just yeah, I missed the flight by a couple of minutes.
I made like three bad errors to baby car seat was in my car.
I had to take it out.
I forget the second one.
And then the third was like I was trying to figure out where I had paid to park
in this parking garage and I like second guessed myself and unparked
and went somewhere else.
Big, big mistake. And oh, no, the third one, which is the most crucial,
is that there's two American Airlines terminals at LAX.
And I got off of the first one and I went through security and they're like,
yeah, you can get to the other one.
You have to walk through a big tunnel.
Walk through a big tunnel.
So I like ran through a tunnel from like four to five.
And I was like, there's no I'm sure I would have if I had just gotten
dropped off at five, I would have been fine.
Four and five also connect right behind security.
You didn't have to get through the tunnel.
No, I think well, somebody told me I had to go to the tunnel.
Or maybe I'm thinking of the different was at five and six.
Well, last when I flew in the summer, they were like, oh, the tunnels closed.
Six and seven, for sure, are quicker
because I had to walk all the I didn't go back through security.
I then switched my flight to United, which is seven.
And then I had to walk through another terminal from five to six.
But then six to seven was a quick walk.
Now, how many of these terminals have rides at LAX?
Very well, there is none.
A people mover coming.
There is a way there is something in LAX
sometimes where you have to go outside and take a little car
to like a little auxiliary like place on the runways.
Sucks. That's like I want to go a little bus depot. Yeah. Yeah.
That's terrible.
Also, LAX constantly under construction.
So American was flying domestic flights out of the international terminal.
OK, so no, that was not great.
That was not a great start, but it was.
And I was because I was on the flight you're supposed to be on.
And they said like, all right, well, we're going to be pushing out here.
We thought we were going to have to delay it due to a rocket launch.
But apparently it's not going to be a problem.
We sorted it out.
So we were going to be we were going to have to delay things just a few minutes.
But now we're not.
It was like the rocket almost delayed it exactly the amount of time
it would have taken you that you needed to get on the plane.
Was that a space?
Like, I think so.
The rocket has exploded.
So we're able to go.
The rocket instead chose to write a bunch of hateful statements on it.
So the rocket has been canceled.
The best is the randos on the Internet going like, aha,
actually, the rocket was supposed to explode so they could collect data.
And don't you feel foolish now?
And it's like, oh, that is what Elon wanted, actually.
Yeah.
I also I had I had my troubles, too, which is like I made it out the door really early.
I was right on time and then just a glass slipped from my hand
in the in the fridge on the way out the door and fell right onto my barefoot.
Leaving a black welts that weeks later is still on my toe.
Yeah. And I never really got a chance to look at it.
What would the busyness of flying and then needing to go,
obviously needing to go straight to city walk to start covering sectors.
So I didn't really see it till the very end of the day when I took my socks off
and saw the darkest of purples.
And I saw a shade that I've never seen on my own body.
And I was like, well, hmm, hospital.
No, let's see how things are in the morning in the morning.
Worse felt worse.
But stuff to do. We had this packed to the gills city walk day.
I'm like, well, can I manage this anyway?
Then towards the end of that day, Mike, you and I and Griffin
ended up at the Lone Palm Airport, home of the Hemisphere dancer,
which I'm told there is some story about.
And I felt very relaxed there looking at the, you know,
looking at looking at the lake and looking off at Hard Rock Live
at the beautiful Coliseum.
And I was like, you know, there's some sand here.
I take my shoes off.
Let me feel the sand.
It's there for a reason. I'm going to do it.
So I took my shoes off and I saw a change in the color on my foot.
It went from dark, dark purple to dark, dark red.
And and to me.
Well, OK, so I just I look like, oh, look at that.
And you look at my foot and say, oh, my God, it's bad.
And I say, are you kidding? That's better.
It was dark purple before.
I'm relieved by this darkest of dark red on my toe.
And it did only get better from there.
And I wasn't I wasn't a fool who ignored a hospital visit that I did.
But this certainly did.
It was like fine.
I'm sure it'll come up in one of the sectors.
Just the that on top of all of this, that so my toe was in really bad shape
as we were doing the most unpleasant things of our trip.
I'll say this list for listeners, too, especially if you find yourself
in Orlando and have an injury or a sickness, go to the hotel front desk.
Or if there's a concierge, talk to the concierge.
They are prepared for this inevitability.
Like my dad once had a tooth, like had a tooth going,
like dying or something was going on.
And they went to the concierge and they got him.
Like they connected him with emergency dentists and he went
and they gave him antibiotics.
They got him an ice skate and a big rock to knock it out of his mouth.
Castaway style. Yeah.
Yeah. I think there was an old West dentist barber, you know,
and they give him a bottle of whiskey and a strap of leather to bite and scream into.
No, but there's a million urgent cares there.
There's a million.
I feel like there's even services like old school services
where like the doctor will come to your hotel room.
Wow. You know, yeah, gee.
Well, you know what?
I you know what I should have done?
You know who I think could have taken care of me is relay.
You guys ever heard of relay before? No.
Well, I should have tested if relay could have helped out.
So Kevin from Telethon, who we met and hung out with down there.
He when I told him I was staying at Aventura, he said, oh, you know,
you know who you got to check out is relay.
Oh, is relay or maybe I maybe he didn't know the name,
but I found out the name is relay.
Relay is a robot who lives in Aventura, a robot who can fetch you things,
who can bring you towels and toothpaste. Right.
Because that was Aventura's big thing when they open.
They're like, oh, it's kind of a modernist, like Hyatt sort of setup.
But there's a lot of technology like you control a lot of the room with a tablet.
Yes, which is annoying and not how you expect a room to work.
I didn't say the lights in the remote are all in one.
All you have to do is turn on this tablet in the dark.
I just said the marketing. I didn't say it worked. OK.
Yeah, yeah. It's also been a few years and I don't know that the tablets
have been necessarily updated.
Yeah, yes. The future of tablets from 2016. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I thought that was dumb.
But a robot, a robot will come up to your room.
And one of those days that was especially tiring was or I was especially
the day that like broke us, the day where most of the heart was broken.
It's texting Kevin. He said, you know what?
You owe yourself some self care.
Is there anything you need in your room?
Do you need extra towels or something?
I say get relay to bring you something you need.
And I thought there's nothing really I need, but I do want a robot
to come to my door. Yeah.
So I sent a text message to maybe a different bot.
Maybe that was a human being who works in the hotel.
And I asked if a robot could bring me a bar of soap.
And they said, absolutely. Coming right up.
And then an hour passed and I needed to move on with my day.
And I said, I would no longer like relay to bring me a bar of soap.
Yes, of course, sir. Sorry for the delay.
So I never got relay.
And I don't know if if this boxy robot could have
checked if my toe was broken or not.
Yeah. Once you once you got really relay in the room,
you should not have let relay out.
Oh, yes. Then like relay.
You're like relay out your mind.
Let's see how smart you are.
Yeah. Can you can you escape from this room?
Reprogrammed relay while you're like it was in there.
What are you going to do?
Flush yourself down the toilet to get out of here.
You'll break.
See, I asked for toothpaste at the front desk and they're like,
oh, I'm so sorry we're out here, but I'll have someone send up,
send some up to your room.
And they were there in like 10, 15 minutes.
So you're saying a human being is better than texting a person who calls a robot.
Yeah. Yeah.
The humans, the housekeeping was always on it.
You know, so humans may be still the way to go.
Huh? Maybe the AI isn't the way of the future.
Interesting.
I don't know.
Here's here's something that I have to fit in.
I can't list. Well, let me let me describe a little bit my morning
after the the live shows, which again, everybody who came,
everybody hung out after people who wore great stuff,
who the lineup of people all wearing different planet Hollywood bomber jackets.
There's too many to shout out.
I loved everybody I met and I'd like to tin roof.
And I love that we could actually we could like chat with everybody with drinks.
And like it was like an after party.
A little bit instead of being out on a weird street,
which is usually our meeting people.
So that was great.
But I made a joke at the beginning of the live show.
And the joke was about how, you know, we're excited to be here.
But also we need to wrap this up to get the Tron virtual queue.
That was legitimately true.
Yeah, we did.
There was a 7 a.m.
need to wake up.
And and I got out of the venue at 2 a.m., I believe.
So that was one of the worst sleeps I've ever had and wired from the show.
And but of course, wanted to do Tron, needed to do Tron.
You pulled a group that was too good, Mike.
You pulled an amazing I pulled eight.
I pulled eight.
I was like, please, can I get a one p.m. kind of?
Yes, because Guardians was was late.
A little after.
And it was like, ah, we can come back to sleep.
Yeah. Oh, in this case, not this.
And we could have ignored that.
But I'm like, I got and you know, and actually all
you guys didn't do the mad dash so much.
I was like, I'm up. I'm just going to do it.
I'll sleep someday.
And it all lined up.
Lift took the perfect ticket to transportation center.
Wait, that's going to be a hassle. Right.
No. Got right on the ferry ferry.
Got me right. I was there just five minutes later.
Then the time Tron. Great.
We'll talk about Tron down the road.
We'll talk about a lot of the rides, obviously.
We'll get a lot of episodes to come.
But Tron. Great.
Then because I kind of miss breakfast, I was like,
I should just grab a time to have a sit down lunch.
What's Skipper Canteen? Oh, yeah.
I was not. Of course, we've talked about it.
I'm vaguely aware of Skipper Canteen.
God damn it. Skipper Canteen was great.
Have you guys done it? Yeah, I haven't done it yet.
You've done. Yeah, last year.
Oh, my God. It's great.
The food legitimately great.
If you don't know the restaurant, it's kind of like an outgrowth of Jungle Cruise.
So it's the theming of Jungle Cruise.
And they make I didn't know that the servers make Jungle Cruise style.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's fun.
Such good to everybody working the restaurant.
Great decor. Great sea stuff.
The sea mythology is part of it.
Great like Bathroom, just like
one of these great little plus up imaginary experiences.
They don't need to have this, but I'm so glad they have it.
It's 11 a.m. I slept horrible, but they have wine.
God damn it. I'll get some wine.
It was great, but it made me so loopy.
I felt so insane, but in a good way.
I find and my my voice is shot.
You might have heard that in the show.
My voice is going in and out this entire time.
So I felt in like such a loopy way
when I went to meet you, Mike and your friend, Dave.
And I asked where you guys were and you said, well, we are watching
the taping of a Disney holiday special in the hub.
And I went, yes.
And I texted you, are those boring dancers there who host everything?
And you said, do you mean Julianne Huff?
Why, yes, that's exactly who's here.
Whoa, great. Run up.
I feel so bonkers. No voice.
So just drunk at 11 a.m.
On no sleep. Wow.
And then and then to see all these bright lights and to see a holiday
performance by somebody who I've never seen before in my life.
You know who that was? Yeah.
Um, but then we're watching.
We get to see an intro of a Julianne Huff, like a throw to essentially.
Yeah, this excited me so much more than I anticipated.
I don't think I've ever been there for a taping.
I've watched Disney holiday specials since I was the youngest of child.
I was so excited. I kept yelling, Huff.
You were yelling at her and she was probably like,
I don't know, 50 feet away, 75, like really close.
I know you were heckling.
I also know I refer. I didn't mean it as heckling.
I was trying to be in the in the spirit.
Show my appreciation.
I also I referred to them as the boring dancers who host everything.
But what I was not ready for was that in person, Julianne Huff
is the beautiful woman.
Oh, my God. Stunning.
And then she turned around.
I got a look in the eye and away.
I saw this happen.
Oh, God got a direct eye contact from Julianne and a wave.
And it melted his icy heart, I think.
He now loves the Huff's.
I think I love the Huff's now.
We love them. We love them.
You know, because she was so close and like she's waiting to go on.
And she was like doing some like banter with the audience,
like the very close audience who are like behind her.
Oh, yeah. She was just like listing rides like I the one I wrote down.
She was just saying like, what are we doing so far?
Guardians Tron Avatar.
Love love.
Yeah, she goes love.
After love that must have melted my eyes.
Avatar is a movie all about love.
Yeah. Did you do you remember the weird guy in front of us?
No. So I don't remember how you do.
It was Dave, you and me.
And you were saying something about like getting maybe on camera or so.
Like we were joking around about it or something.
We could not have been because you had to be vetted.
You had to be wearing red or green.
This audience. I mean, you're shot up.
You're shot up with some sort of like stimulant to like the audience.
They gave you the Biden's.
They give you the Biden injections.
Everybody gets the Biden goo.
Whatever they gave him before that Bernie debate where he was much more awake.
The important one that he had to win.
Yeah, they had shot the they shoot the audience up.
They're all dressed for Christmas and they're like in that fur, like that fervor.
Like we love dancing and we love music.
Perfect red and green, but no logos.
To the audience.
And you're like, these people are about to like, like start eating each other
if they're given the command.
That's the way they shoot these things now.
But we were saying something about getting on camera or whatever.
This guy is just watching and like taking a video.
He goes, he turns around, he takes a video of us
and then he takes a video of Julian and he goes, see,
now you guys are in the video with her.
We were like, OK, yeah.
And it wasn't like he was like, I'll send you the video.
No, he just did that.
OK, that's fine.
I'll just look at each other like, well, he thought we were really cool
and full of early Christmas cheer, which was true.
See, we were
we were at Jena.
I were at Magic Kingdom at some point later in the day that day.
And we were in Tomorrowland and then fireworks started going off.
And I'm like, it's 7 15 and that was five minutes of fire.
So it was clearly TV.
Ah, OK. Taping fireworks.
And gotcha.
We saw the roped off areas in the cherry pecker when we were down there
a few years ago, they were taping something.
And we're like, who is waiting, like walking through the stream by the castle?
And like, oh, that's Darren Criss.
And there's a camera man.
It's like, oh, OK, we did not see Darren Criss.
We didn't see Huff.
The Disney types of celebrities.
We did not see DJ Khaled like Griffin did.
Yes, Griffin and I believe Malia saw
DJ Khaled. Yeah, yeah.
Doing a bunch of doing rapid fire
intros, seemingly not.
I don't know if I wasn't there, but it felt like for social media, essentially.
Yeah. And then the video came out, what it was,
which I think we retweeted, reaxed.
I'm dying inside.
Oh, yeah. Oh, much more much better.
Proprietary. Remember that repost tweet.
Who could remember that?
All right. But he was just like running through.
He was like catching a toy over and over.
Yes. Which and the toy was being passed to all the celebrities on the special,
which included Billy Corgan.
I'm so upset that we didn't get to see the smashing pumpkins
perform in front of the castle.
It was the full pumpkins?
Yes. Iha was there.
Wow. Chamberlain was there.
The other guys that aren't Darcy were there.
Yes. And Billy is in the video catching a stuffed animal as well.
Boy, oh boy. Just to cement his Disneyland weirdo status.
Yeah, geez. Yeah, that does it.
Wow. That's that's a very funny.
Smashing pumpkins being a Disney special band.
I don't think I could have seen that coming years and years ago.
I don't think I knew that G.J.
Collard and Billy Corgan had hit the level of ubiquitous
that they were able to slide into the like in the way that Sting and Shaggy
again, a few years ago.
You didn't realize that Collard was a Shaggy?
I didn't realize. No, I didn't realize.
If anything, I'm like, isn't he too like relevant of a celebrity in a way to be?
Yeah, because the Disney holiday special people are kind of like,
I'm like out of it or just like they're like kind of their own little universe.
Right. It's like your parents listening to some like.
Yeah, sometimes.
But then sometimes it's like I've never heard this person.
Yeah, it's like on the label that Disney owns.
Yeah. And like it's something like that. Yeah. Yeah.
It's interesting with DJ Collard, because that's I'm trying to think of this.
Yeah. More like. Well, they get to they got to keep.
It was just him running through the catchphrases.
And another one. Right. Right.
And not knowing like to be Griffin and to I believe who added an extra day
to his trip. Oh, yeah.
And didn't like I know some magic is waiting for me if I stay longer.
And the magic was this. It was DJ Khaled.
That would have been a thrill. Yeah, I know. I wish.
The thing I thought was odd, though, was there was a video that they sent us
where he because he was in Toy Story land.
And when he marched up to Mrs.
Potato Head and said, I will not go down on you.
I thought that was really weird.
It was weird.
Because they're not going to use that.
That's filthy.
Maybe he just that was just something you needed to say.
But also, she's married.
And who asked like she didn't she's not she doesn't want to either way.
Any part of that.
He's getting, you know, he's trying to get too much of his stuff.
Yeah, his catchphrases and another one.
I don't go down on ladies. Yeah.
I know all the he's he's playing the hits.
Yeah. Yeah. So I get that.
But maybe it'll be unlike a, you know, Disney Plus is going to do some more
mature content soon, I think.
So I don't know. Maybe there'll be a different like cut.
Oh, internationally, I think they already are.
Maybe they'll use that clip. Right.
Overseas. So sure.
Yeah. Well, they're a little looser with these things.
Yeah. Yeah.
They can handle somebody saying that he won't do a sexual.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Anything else for rewind down trip?
Shout out to Griff.
Having Griffin around all week was.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun. Fantastic.
So glad you came, Griff.
The only thing I'm trying to think, the only other thing that comes to mind
is that I did Dr.
Dooms Fearful with the legs dangling, which I say I don't like.
Which I don't like.
And I will say this, I walked right on it.
I really forced myself to do it.
I really like pushed.
I feel like I felt like that was the biggest accomplishment
I accomplished on the trip because I really forced myself in there.
It was so easy.
And there was no line, especially up single rider.
Like hoping for a little more.
Exactly. I was like a little bit of like more of it.
I was like, no, you're going on it.
And I think I truly not as not as a bit.
I turned around and left and then turned around again to go on it.
Because this is the one where your leg, it's a giant drop,
but your legs are dangling, which I don't like.
So I went walked right on the ride.
Just I missed some of the cool cue because of being single rider.
I'm seated next to like a 10 year old, which is always the sort of check
where you go, OK, like if there's a 10 year old, a 10 year old on this.
This ain't going to be like even Velocicoaster,
which I was not so worried about.
I'm like, there's 10 year old like, OK, everything's fine.
Oh, yeah, we got Velocicoaster to talk about.
There's a lot of Velocicoaster.
I dream of Velocicoaster.
I Jason did it too.
It's something else. Yeah.
So we get on it and Dr.
Dumas is narration and whoever is doing the voice.
And I know it was from the 90s.
I don't know if it was the same actor.
I don't know who it was from the Fantastic Four cartoon.
He's screaming at me, your fear, whatever is when I'm like, oh, this is good.
I like this a lot. Yeah.
And then it shoots me up.
And I am for a moment kind of panicked.
I like kind of grab. I'm like, what am I grabbing?
What am I doing? Yeah.
What is what is this really going to save me?
And I shoot up in the air.
And as soon as we're up at the top, it's amazing.
The view is amazing.
You can see all of the beautiful Orlando, no matter what side you're on.
Yeah. And then I was sort of expecting like a very aggressive ride.
That is not what Dr.
Doom does to you. Dr.
Doom gently rocks you down, bounces you back down.
He bounces you in.
I hate to be so dirty and like a gentle like hand job motion of like,
like it just like like there's these like gentle pumps.
Can I hear can I hear that again?
Mm hmm. Is what Dr.
Do. So I was expecting like, oh, my God, Dr.
Doom wants my fear juice because he's going to really scare me so badly.
And really, all he does is he shoots you up
and then he kind of looks like gently pumps you back down.
Fact the human body produces the most fear juice out of the scrotum.
Yeah, I know where I could get the most fear juice.
So I don't know why I was thinking sexual.
I apologize for the sexual thoughts, but that's like I was like, this is the
heat is rocks you down in such a nice way.
This was not something I should have been that afraid of at all.
And I was fine. I was going to the end.
Did you like that? Yeah.
Did you like that?
The to come back any time, OK, whatever, whenever you're feeling stressed.
The thank you, Victor.
Yeah. The audio that plays before the rock,
because I did it the one day. Yeah.
And I had been a few years.
So I was not I was a little unprepared for the launch,
because I went like a foot and a half off the seat.
Like I went all the way up high and I had the road to myself.
So I was just screaming and laughing.
But but you know what I'm saying?
It's not Tower of Terror is way more aggressive.
It's our terror is much, much more aggressive.
This was a pleasant time.
The team member did kind of like shatter an illusion for me
because the doors closed and got to his face on it.
And it's awesome.
Which is awesome.
But she stuck her hand between and it detected it and then open back up again.
I was like, see that I thought it shut and you were trapped
because then he does the whole like do bots ignore security precautions,
which is so we talked about.
We talked about that on the show and I forgot about it.
And he goes, do not ignore security precautions.
Yeah. I'm like, oh, that's fun.
I'm like, I'm going to do another ride because you can't say that.
So just to hear the great Victorasna Dooms voice.
Do bots. Let's let's really get this guy off.
Let's check this guy off.
Let's see how high that beer juice can shoot.
For some reason, he's thinking sexual thoughts to calm himself
on this ride that he's afraid of. Amen, brother.
He's very repressed.
But Marvel Comics is where his sexuality was blossom.
So that's, I guess, why he was having a weird pervert.
One weird mush for this guy.
If you get if you get a big nut right at the top,
like that's the best you'll ever have.
You can not at the top of my private rental.
You need to make sure no one's around you freak.
You pervert.
Dr. Dooms fear fall provides the perfect nut.
Ah, Skittle Skattle.
Uh, so I will.
I will do it again now that it's tied to the sexuality, I suppose. Great.
Uh, I didn't go on storm. I almost did.
I almost did, too.
The line was a while and there was a really good employee working
that was just like couldn't have been delivering the dialogue
even like in a more funny, lazy way.
It's like, all right, everybody, find your cars.
We have to defeat Magneto.
Everyone get we have to use Storm's powers to circle and get Magneto.
And then like it happens and then the noise, whatever.
And then he gets it goes, all right, we did it.
We defeated Magneto.
And I was like, oh, that's great.
But I got this is too long.
This line's too long for this ride.
You got the best part of it.
Yes. Yeah, that's kind of what I meant.
Yeah. Yeah.
I go, I got to hear this kid doing this dialogue, which is really great.
I don't think the ride would have been any better than that.
I don't think so either. That's great.
Well, should we step it down for a sec?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah.
We'll be right back with more podcast.
The right. Yeah.
And now it's time for a very special episode of podcast.
I have that thought.
I know that joke in my head for weeks now.
Yes. Something we've not expected to have to do.
And I don't feel equipped to do.
I don't know. I don't know how much you do.
This is this is untread territory for everybody.
This untread territory.
OK, so look, I am not dying.
Please do not be alarmed.
But I start the I have some kind I, you know,
I have sat out some stuff recently.
I sat out a recording recently
because I have been dealing with some health stuff last few years.
I've been dealing with leg stiffness on and off for a few years now.
And I've seen a lot of doctors,
doctors and physical therapists and stuff.
And thankfully, my current doctor's office was a little more like
on the ball of like, I don't know what this is,
but it shouldn't still be happening.
And so I saw a neurologist in the last few months
and got an MRI MRI done on the various stuff.
And what it led to was that I have the
how do I put it?
That doesn't sound so dire.
My spine is fine, but I have lesions on my brain
consistent with multiple sclerosis.
So that is my diagnosis.
So what that means for the podcast, who knows?
Or it doesn't. Sorry, I don't mean to misspeak.
It doesn't really mean anything.
It's just I got the diagnosis about 10 days before we left for Florida.
Yeah, between the yes, we done talking about the hecticness of these shows.
We've done the dynasty shows heading to Orlando, heading to a vacation
and these and then in the middle, this bomb drops, which numerous
medical professionals were like, we'll go to Florida.
Do not sit around.
You will just get depressed and it'll make everything worse.
And they don't even know you have the podcast.
Yeah, they don't even know about the podcast.
They don't even know the history of it's literally the place
that gives you superpowers.
Yes. And it's where you're scheduled to go.
So that that actually, oddly, that timing was was pretty good.
Yeah, yeah.
And the thing that kind of got them to like
get on the ball and get me into the neurologist was like,
the leg stiffness, you know, I'd seen a wonderful physical therapist lately,
and then I started to break even kind of
where it's like, I don't know if this is helping anymore.
Like, it feels like the root is not going on.
But like all summer, I had been dealing with on and off,
like equilibrium issues and balance issues.
And I had a bad sinus infection at the start of the summer.
And so like, oh, yeah, it's probably an ear thing.
So even with doctors are on the ball, they have to
knock out like, is this anxiety?
Is this
inner ear infections, the sinus stuff?
Because all of that's connected up there.
Yeah, sure.
And you never want someone to go like, maybe it's multiple sclerosis.
Had you ever had that been suggested at all?
But was there you heard that phrase before you heard the phrase?
I had heard the phrase multiple sclerosis or MS.
I just mean, did anyone ever know?
No one ever suggested it, which I think was good,
because then immediately you're like, well, what is this?
What does this mean?
Sure. And like, I started doing research.
I'm going back soon for like further treatment.
I've done a few different rounds of steroids.
In fact, the week before
we went to Florida, I was getting a few days of IV
steroids and the one day I was literally lest anyone
doubt my commitment to the pod.
I was literally getting IV steroids in one arm and the other arm
was holding my phone going like, what do you mean Cedar Fair and Six Flags are merging?
How are they doing this?
Stock, cash, merger of equals.
OK, once it once a cub reporter, always a cub reporter.
The nurse was like, oh, your blood pressure is going off the cure.
You really whatever you're doing, you need to settle down.
He's rambling about Snoopy and Looney Tunes.
I was just I just all I did was imagine the phrase Six Flags,
Knots, Berry Farm, and I flew off the handle. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, that's, you know,
yeah, I'm sure this is like jarring information for the listeners
to get as it was for us to hear.
And hopefully I'm not doing, you know, like glass half full.
That's not merited.
But having watched everything that happened to you throughout the summer
and the confusion of how does a leg thing become also
because that's all it was to us was like, I don't know.
It's a leg thing. You put quotes around.
Yeah, I don't know. Nobody. It's it's so foggy.
And then these other things are happening.
It's like, OK, this is beyond a leg thing.
Crazy to watch go down to to have that go from, of course,
of course, the diagnosis is crazy for you to hear and for everybody to hear.
But that immediately you're getting help and getting treatment
that there's a road map.
It was like, you know, it was moving for me to see with
just knowing that you like how much this had compounded into like,
well, now it's these 10 things happening and you don't know how to get help.
And that you're all like that the help flew in like special ops immediately.
It was so great.
Yeah, absolutely.
And then the solidarity and community from people
I knew and people I've talked to now, like I
I it's been very helpful to talk to other people in any number of fields
who deal with them as and stuff.
And then one friend pointed out, like, you will realize
how many people you know deal with some chronic issue.
Yeah, for sure. That's what I bet every conversation you've had.
Yeah. Since this has been like, well, here's somebody I know with them as
who's who's triumphing over it or is what they did.
Or it's something like, you know, one step removed.
And yeah, it's I know there's so many people.
Yeah. And and and big like actors and stuff like Christina Applegate
and Selma Blair both have MS.
So that's two thirds of the sweetest thing.
But it was it's how I always think of them.
Selma Blair has had a very inspiring, like crazy path.
Yeah. And then Christina Applegate
diagnosed more recently and it was very cathartic to read her
like Vanity Fair interview.
Go like, yeah, it fucking sucks.
And it's like, oh, thanks, Christina Applegate.
That makes me feel better because, yeah, it does.
Yeah, yeah, sure. Of course. Yes.
So I see somebody who's away here.
You go ahead. Oh, I was going to say I took it a little easier in Florida.
I rented a scooter because like walking for long periods of time is a little
miserable and like, you know, I you don't realize how ingrained
like the Protestant work ethic or capitalism poisoning is just like
push through, push through until it's just like, OK, I am dizzy and very tired.
And my leg hurts.
And so the scooter was a that was a very interesting
to see that angle from the parks because the cast members
and team members were wonderful about it.
Like they I had read that like theme parks are very, you know, accessible places.
You didn't go to a counter and they said, push through, push through.
Push through. No. Is this scooter rentals?
Yes, but that's fake. We don't even do it. Push through.
I I had fortunately learned from my reading that there are third party companies
in Orlando, you know, and they are operating in a number of cities,
but they will drop a scooter off at luggage services
and you pick it up there and then just drop it off when you check out.
It was right at the hotel at the hotel.
Yeah. Wow.
And it was very easy and scooter was surprisingly intuitive and easy to use.
I will say, though, I learned quickly that guests have no idea
what is going on around them and like, I want people to get out of the way for me.
But like, don't run into me.
Did you have a horn on that thing?
There was a horn.
I passed by someone once who like stepped aside
or like we both kind of went around each other and they were like, use the horn.
Use the horn. And I'm like, no, I do not like the horn.
Yeah, yeah. Kids, kids were very cognizant of the scooter,
because they relate bigger than them.
So they get out of the way.
But like adults were just like in their own little world.
Having to navigate, yeah, like theme park traffic where sometimes people just like
stop in the middle. It's like such a thoroughfare.
But like, I don't know, you want to how about this group of 10 stops right here
to talk about to talk the next play?
And then like with a scooter, yes, you're like double the width
you would normally be and or take picture like the
my trip aboard whole like Moana was the Moana.
The way water was beautiful and very well done.
But it was like a like a panic attack in a very small area.
Like, yeah. Mm hmm.
They're still figuring that out.
But like I was just glad like you just pulled the one side of the handle
to go forward and the one to go back.
I'm glad there wasn't a backing up beep beep beep.
But like more attention than you want.
They they were on the phone.
It was so funny because it did show this on the scooter.
And I guess it's a universal metaphor.
But they're like, and you know, you can adjust the scooter from tortoise to hare.
And that was the speed like setting.
Yes, that discovery that that is the control.
There is a little tortoise and a little hare.
That's cute. It was cute.
It was it was very original Orlando IP.
Yeah. The tortoise in there.
And it was very easy to do the boats at Univer from the hotel to the parks.
They just like pull up a ramp and you just ride next to the captain.
Wow. Oh, and you get the best see you now.
You get the best view. Yeah.
You should have gotten that like the certificate, like the Mark Twain, too,
if you could have done a little captaining. Oh, yeah.
Piloting. But I guess they don't probably do that.
There's just so many back and forth.
They don't have time to print a certificate.
Yeah, that's true. That's true.
But they should have for Jason and well, we should make a certificate.
Yeah, we will.
Captain of the do we remember the names of any of them?
I have them all written down. Oh, yeah.
We did a lot of pictures.
I sat and waited for all the boats to come around so I could write down.
Yeah. What they are shocking number of boats.
Yeah, I may not have gotten all of them either because I didn't have six hours.
Yeah. Yeah. So but yeah, my my original plan was like, I am going to suffer at City.
I am going to force myself to so much as say, well,
and pretty quickly before the trip, I was like, hey, guys,
I'm going to dial back on the suffering and I'm going to skip some of the blitzing.
Yeah, you didn't tell the doctors.
The doctors knew what you were going to do.
They would have said, don't go, I think. Don't go.
So you're Orlando. Yes, a trip.
Oh, that sounds fun. Well, daily podcast series.
You're going where? BK.
BK Whopper Bar Cetric.
Yeah. No, I'll put you on the no fly list.
I'm going to get you barred from a plane.
Still learning a lot about it.
You know, they suggest, you know, regular diet and exercise, exercise,
especially when you're feeling better.
But I don't know that anyone should eat that much cinnabon and cold stone.
Yeah. Yes.
A mixed bag, what you were going there to do.
But I mean, look, give I think there's a again, bizarre timing.
But I think there's a version where you're there and you don't have this diagnosis.
And it's just like all these problems that you don't have your head around
and that you don't understand and get in the way of Orlando being as fun as it can be.
I feel like the the hope that came from the diagnosis and having a road map,
getting to see you there and having some fun in Orlando
after all the garbage you've had to deal with all year.
It was it was it was heartwarming for me.
And I hope it was to experience.
We we had a very nice time.
I mean, Jane's been an angel.
He's been a real trooper through all this.
And we definitely had some fun.
We had the very fun.
Then when we got to the hotel, we saw them wheeling in chunks of the Christmas tree.
And then at the end of the night, we're taking the boat back.
And it had been assembled and all the lights were on in a picture window
that we could see from the water as we're pulling in.
So we saw every stage of the Christmas.
It was like on carts and then it was half up and then fully up and lit.
Yeah. Wow.
So real nice. So Christmas assembled.
So in your favorite place, we had a yeah.
And we it was yeah.
I mean, some unique to take the scooter on a Disney bus.
And then they strapped you in like six ways to Sunday.
Oh, is that how I see those straps?
I don't think about what's going on with those straps.
Yeah. Yeah.
Because I got the transportable scooter, which I don't know this best way to do it.
But any time we took a lift or Jane's friends picked us up and stuff,
we watched a YouTube video and it's like you can disassemble it
to three or four pieces and throw it in a trunk.
And and so that was very interesting to do an experience.
And then like when we were at Animal Kingdom, we were like, all right,
Eric's going to drive the car over to take in transportation.
Why don't you guys take the bus so you can get the park faster?
You know, you know, it's cool is that if you're in the scooter
and you want to go on Velocicoaster, they just pick you up,
put that thing right on the tracks and off you go.
I mean, you have to change vehicles.
I that was what said the reality of that.
A number of universal rides.
You train you go from the scooter
to a regular wheelchair to go through the line.
And I was like, this is is this OK for my brain?
I'm like, I came all this way.
The one thing I had to do was Velocicoaster.
Like, is it OK for anyone's brain?
I'm like, well, I don't think this is what caused
this many rides on the Incredible Hulk in my early 20s.
I don't think cause this.
I don't think so. Otherwise, the entirety of the East would also
have this condition.
Yeah. Oh, right.
The entirety of the coaster American coaster enthusiast would add this.
Good point. This is people are going to have these things.
And these are and here's these are some questions that I asked
and that I feel like just given your role on the show,
I'm just going to ask, what do you know about MS plus this
in general, actually, MS plus rides?
People want you to keep going on.
You want to keep going on.
Yeah, I want to keep going on rides.
I you know, it's interesting because it's one of those things
where it's like from what I've read and talked to other people.
There's been a lot of medical advances in the last 20 years.
Simultaneously, there is a lot about this condition.
They do not know, like which and I guess listeners, if you don't know,
I mean, one of those things is a cure. Correct.
And for you, this is going to be more about like managing and managing
and and pushing it down.
Yeah. Dealing dealing with flare ups is a term that's used a lot.
So and then learning what treatment to do, which there are now dozens.
So it's like, oh, that's fun to comb through. But
yeah, I mean, between my medical people and like other people
giving recommendations of like I deal with it, I have this.
This is what I do every six months or whatever.
We need to do this like Letterman.
Do we need to have all your doctors on the show?
Talk to them about their favorite rides.
I feel like a lot of them would not necessarily be into that.
I think what are they too busy with something to come on a theme park?
I seem quite busy.
Oh, yeah, I don't know.
I mean, there is one of the things where it's like, well, no one has told me
not to do there. It's like slow down.
Like I am probably going to go take a nap after this.
Like recording.
And this is this is the different kind of like, oh, I need to read.
Like Jason's a sleepy bear.
This is a different kind of sleep. Yeah.
You two have been very supportive and very helpful and very understanding and stuff.
Well, sure. I mean, our hearts go out.
We love you, Jason.
Thank you. You know, we're here for you.
I speak for the listeners, I assume they love you too.
I have to assume I we've met so many nice.
Sorry, you're the heart and soul of the podcast. Yeah.
Oh, thank you.
Well, that you said that.
That was your word.
Now you've said it. So that's too.
Yeah. So that part, I was just repeating what you said.
Eventually. Oh, fine.
All right. You're the heart and soul of the podcast.
Jason. Yeah. Yeah.
How can I not now? Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
I can pull this card.
I have a card from a doctor that says that I'm bad.
I would have said that in a different scenario, too.
You know, I didn't need to be backed into a corner for that to be said.
To say any real emotional thing. No.
My emotions that are so out there all the time.
Yes, we've we're all we're all completely primed to be able to deal with one of our
co-hosts. Yeah.
But one of the three of us having an immense personal issue.
It's really weird. It's definitely weird.
But yes, let me echo Mike and say, I mean, like,
I you're such a good guy.
And we've had I've had so much fun on this show with you
for so many years. Oh, of course.
I don't I, you know, it made me all weird and shaky to
to get this news, obviously.
And that's upsetting.
But then at the core of it is that like I wouldn't feel that way
if I didn't care about you a lot.
Oh, the feeling, of course, is mutual.
And no, everyone's been so great.
And it's certainly cathartic for me to talk about.
But I definitely wanted to.
There's been a number of times on this show where recently where it's almost slipped out.
And I was like, I need to talk about this sooner or later.
Yeah. Then later. Yeah.
Oh, we've barely recorded since my mind.
Yeah. And just the one, you know,
it was the one with Eva, the haunted car wash, which was like, again, I was like,
understand, you know, like we've Mike and I both.
This is crazy to hear.
And I think I think I felt kind of odd and jittery about it until we were
there was the three of us and the evil who was the best and a good friend.
And like the normalcy of that to just be doing what we always do
in the face of this felt so great.
And it was it was nice to just like, hey, this is the same.
And it does no reason. It can't be the same.
Absolutely. Yeah.
I mean, I told the even Griffin pretty quickly because it's like,
oh, it's going to be an episode.
It's going to be in Florida with us.
And you know how you hate wandering into a conversation when people are
talking about a movie you haven't seen?
Like imagine that times a thousand heads like kind of heavy.
Hey, what up? Yeah.
If MS. Yeah.
But no, I was saying it's been cathartic for me, but also I wanted for the
listening folks listening public.
You know, if you are dealing with a chronic condition, you are not alone.
You know, the people who show up in your ears once week
also had to deal with their health thing, you know.
Well, and they all means, you know, like, you know, address it whenever you need.
Please let the show be an outlet for as much as you want or don't want.
And, you know, in terms of going forward and as you're coming with us.
But I think it's it's great that you're being open about it
and wanted to talk about it and let you know, let all the Cliffords in, you know.
Absolutely.
You tell your family, tell friends, you tell the cliff.
That's the order. Yeah. Yeah.
And then you tell Dr. Doom. Yeah.
Yes, this is you have lots of fear for me to get.
You are right, Dr. Do. Yeah. No kidding.
It's got to be one of the more sobering conversations ever to take place
after a discussion of Dr. Doom.
Yeah. A perfect nutting you a full of fear.
I forgot what we were going to record.
I know. Yes.
I was kind of teetering on it.
Look, what are you going to do?
I pushed it in that direction.
Oh, thank you for taking the trip.
Should normalcy.
Yeah, normalcy.
Yeah, normalcy is is the big thing that I have searched for
because it's just like there is like the learning.
Like the first day when we we flew in, checked in the hotel,
popped into Islands of Adventure for a few hours
and then met up with you, Scott, at CityWalk.
I eventually pulled the card of like, I need to go back to the hotel
because this has been I have hit my limit of stimulation.
Like, sure.
And you're going to have to recalibrate
that you're going to have to figure out where that limit is.
And by all means, yes, like, you know, whatever you need from from us.
And of course, yeah, no, because I'm learning it real time.
It's like, oh, I had breakfast and walked the dog and fed him
and then came here to record.
And I'm like, well, that's the day today.
You know, perfectly understand this.
Yeah, this seems like part of the course with them.
I yeah, it does seem like like energy is so much.
Yeah, energy levels are figured out.
And yeah, things that used to be kind of all over the place
and appetite and sleep with like with that much steroids in a person.
You're going to have a side effects.
So even though they do rock.
Very helpful.
That's great. That's great.
I well, then let me ask the here's in my series of questions
where I'm hoping for for hopeful answers.
How does this and I can I ask you this in in Florida?
There was a pre interview and this is it's a silly question,
but a genuine concern.
What does this mean for treat intake? Right.
Yeah. A diet I very quickly started reading about.
There was one study where it's like, well, process meats and dairy
might contribute to and I was like, no clue that.
Tab. Absolutely not.
I do not want to see the word hot dogs anywhere in this article.
This article doesn't exist to me.
Yeah, I know. I I think it's OK.
I'm working on more, you know, food pyramid.
Three three square meals because that kind of consistency is important.
But I don't I don't think it it means necessarily a lot
for true treats.
I learned Montel Williams has a mess and a big proponent of medical
marijuana for treating the aches and pains.
And I was like, Montel, I'm way ahead of you.
It's come back. I'm back on that trade.
Big old blunts.
Yeah, yeah. Old blunts.
Medical professionals and Montel Williams agree.
The great. Yeah, that was I talked to someone with him.
They're like, yeah, no, you can have weed.
It's fine.
And I was like, well, I only cut back because I started taking Lexapro
because I was so stressed out from all these doctors visits, you know.
But that got said, I figured out the dosage and when to take it during the day.
So it's like, OK, that's leveled out.
So I'm back on the train trying not to get it back to lockdown levels.
What's that? What's that smoke coming out of the train?
That doesn't smell like regular.
That's not steam on this train, is it? Sure.
It's a little funny smelling of steam.
You couldn't smoke a blunt at Port of Entry, though, right?
Because you can't smoke. No, no, I had to stick to Parliament.
The sand is sort of thrown you in jail. Yeah.
Putrid or to punch it.
Oh, yeah. So stinky.
Is language as stinky as smelling smoke.
That was there's no excuse for stinky weed.
You know, what gave me a lot of hope for Florida is being down there
and meeting residents and people who work in the parks and everything.
No, he did not come up a lot because it's like
my big theory for the last few years is like, yeah, people don't get super
into politics across the board because people have shit to do.
People have lives to live.
You forget Orlando's blue.
You know, it's orange. Yeah.
There is. Yeah. Yeah.
And and the Santas is political hopes are fucking dead.
Slowly dying with his weird shoes and terrible vibes
and poor rest stop snack choices of Westmore.
Why do they even sell that there?
So there's that's something to be hopeful about.
But yeah, I mean, like, I don't know anything else
you need to get off your chest here.
It's like, again, I'm glad you're talking about it.
I to have the to have the fog clear up
and understand what this is and that all of these disparate things
affecting you and fucking you up that day to have a have a name on it
and something that many things that you can do to help has been great.
Yeah, I someone who had a I know who had a relative who deals with it.
They're like, oh, I know people call it.
It's one of those ones that people call like an invisible disease
because it's like, uh, uh, uh, how do I say that?
They the symptoms are so random. Right.
And they hit people in such odd ways or unique ways
and at different ways and stuff like a lot of people have vision problems
or like other people have, you know, Christine Applegate had talked about,
like, oh, we're trying to film a dance sequence
and I was having a lot of balance issues. Right.
And I certainly dealt with some balance stuff, but it's like,
oh, and it's so random.
It's like, how do you explain this sort of stuff?
And at least with a condition, you can put a name to.
Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, I am sorry to have made you
rehearse the dance number for the Orlando show for so many months.
Oh, well, I'm a pro, you know. Yeah, I know.
I find it known.
I wouldn't have made it so complicated.
I wouldn't have hired all those choreographers to make it as advanced as it was.
And I think we made the right decision to cut.
Well, you know, I love I'm a showman.
I love to put on a show.
I know you like razzle dazzle.
You want to wave a straw hat around.
Siam Punk says I always make my towns.
It's a great time to assume myself with him.
That's your guy. Very chill, very chill guy.
Yeah. What else?
We eat back.
Christian, I'm looking at the notes.
I am looking at everyone.
Everyone was really nice in Florida.
Well, and I mean, now let me add to that at the beginning of the show,
just like what we how awesome it is for us to go to Orlando and like the
the wave of excitement and love and what like rarefied air it feels like
for us to get to go there and do these shows and meet these awesome people.
You had no idea you were also like, you know, providing this great wave of love
and excitement to Jason, somebody who's had a hell of a year.
And so we can't thank you for that. Of course.
Give it given us a great night, Jason, a great night, a great trip.
You didn't even know what how much all that meant.
Yeah. And I, you know, if you saw me in the park with a cane or a scooter,
I was like, oh, I'm dealing with some else.
But I didn't want to like harsh it with buzz too much.
I we met so many nice people.
Oh, I have to shout out Montana, who?
On Saturday gave me and Jane and our friends a tour of the pizza
fari, the most surprise.
I never really thought about it in Animal Kingdom.
It is filled with the most beautiful murals and hand carved animals from Mexico.
Wow, really? Wow.
And there's so many like Joe Rody anecdotes or like little odd, like, oh,
one artist started painting from there and one artist started painting from there.
And that's why there's an extra toe or like
that's why they know they ran one of them ran out of paint.
And the other one had to.
There's all these crazy anecdotes.
But then a couple of people told me
it's like, oh, the better pizza is the secret kind of stand in Animal Kingdom.
That's the better pizza than pizza's pizza fari.
But pizza fari, very cool, shares a door
with shares a wall with like Tiffin's.
So like I got some operational scoops.
Any any kitchen?
I I well, I learned apparently there are twenty three thousand colors
throughout Animal Kingdom, and they have an encyclopedia like really of this.
But when they have to redo stuff, there's all these crazy
uh, stories and stuff.
So if you are at pizza fari, if you find yourself there,
make sure to ask for Montana and she will give you the scoop.
Oh, wow.
Also, we saw I don't think I'd seen this maybe since I was a little kid.
If ever the Festival of the Lion King show is wild.
It's all like acrobats and singers and former parade repurposed parade floats.
And it's a theater in the round.
It's really awesome.
Like there there have been there are actors in it since it started.
Like, oh, like I read they've been doing it for 25 years or something like that.
Yeah.
30 years.
Oh, God.
Animal King's almost 30 years old, right?
Yeah.
Coming up.
Yeah.
Late 90s.
Well, that hits hard.
So that's I mark my age with the years that Animal Kingdom has been open.
Anyway, but I appreciate you two being
the blitzing through the park sunup to sundown correspondence strip
because I was like, no, I'm not.
Yeah, I'm not doing that.
Yes, yes.
I definitely day of show.
It's like I'm sleeping in and ordering room service breakfast to rest up for these shows.
That's what all of us should have done.
We should have played it more like you.
Well, I mean, look, cow fish is pretty chill, right?
You know, that's where you ended up for lunch.
We'll see.
Yeah, well, we'll learn about cow fish.
We'll learn about it down the road.
Yeah, that's that's for another day.
But hey, for now, Jason, there's so much more to do.
There's so many there's so many secret good Animal Kingdom pizzas that you need to eat.
So we keep keep plowing.
Fight through this thing.
I feel like you're going to be able to and do a great job.
And apologies if I said pizza safari at any point as opposed to pizza
safari. Please don't come for me.
I'm dealing with a lot.
I will try not to pull that card too many times, but did they tell you?
Have you been told if if a symptom of it is confusing Beppo with Pepo?
There's a certain level of brain fog that occasionally comes up or lack of focus.
But I think that was just that was just the too excited talking too fast.
That I think is just thank God.
OK, yeah, thankfully, it doesn't fall in that umbrella.
I don't you know, look, it's going to be this is all going to be weird.
We're going to like make jokes surrounding this thing, because what else do you do?
What else we know how to do?
But know that any joke is meant to cheer you up, make things normal for you,
make it all feel the same.
Oh, yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
No, I keep having fun together.
Don't have any worry about that.
And like if I sit one or two things out, please do not be alarmed.
Please do not be worried.
I just did not want to walk around Shaq.
What is it called?
Shaqtoberfest.
Shaqtoberfest. I was like, oh, that doesn't seem that seems a little too much walking for me.
You're saying that right now, going to Long Beach, given the current circumstances,
going to Long Beach and hopping around a big inflatable floor.
Yeah, no, I wouldn't.
Didn't seem like the fun thing to do.
Yeah, even before even before the exact diagnosis, I was like,
oh, I don't think my legs should be doing that.
Well, look, it's not you know, that isn't something anybody needs you to do.
You don't need to hop around while Shaq narrates things.
But I do hope that like I do hope that you're able to bounce back.
Just silly.
We're talking about a big bounce floor.
Oh, look, I do want that.
I want you to be able to get on a thing like that and bounce up higher than Shaq height.
But mainly like I yeah, this it has been awful that you've had to like,
you know, you don't ever want to sit anything.
You want to be having fun with everybody.
I like to be in the mix.
I sure hope that everything, you know, helps you and keeps you in fighting shape.
And because we love hanging out with you, we love going to these places with you.
The audience loves you.
And there's no I'm not going to do any wrap up or plugs on this episode
besides show Jason some love because he deserves it.
And we're pulling for you.
I think it's all going to work out great.
Thanks, Scott. Absolutely.
Does that add to this? Yeah, yeah.
Forever dog.
Leave that in, leave that all in.
I'll leave that in.
Forever dog.
This has been a forever dog production executive produced by Mike Carlson,
Jason Sheridan, Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Sileo and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts, please visit forever dog podcasts.com
and subscribe to our shows on Apple podcasts, Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest forever dog news by following us on Twitter and Instagram
at forever dog team and liking our page on Facebook.
