Forever.
Dog.
Welcome to Podcast The Ride, where today we are discussing yellow submarines, which puts
us perilously at risk of a Ringo tangent.
I'm Scott Gardner, this is Jason Sheridan.
Yeah, sure.
Well, yellow submarines designates them as research subs.
That's true.
Oh, wow.
Now you know.
So that's what the Beatles were singing about.
They were curious about oceanographic research.
Mike Carlson, hi.
Hello, peace and love, peace and love.
Peace and love.
Mike Carlson here.
Yellow is actually the color you can see the most at the depths.
I love your Ringo.
Is that a Ringo?
The Ringo is second to your.
I got to tell you.
Peace and love, peace and I will not.
Ringo stop, baby.
I will not be signing any more autographs, baby, after this date.
Wow.
Jason's the first one with the impression out of the gate here.
I didn't expect that either.
For the perfect ring.
For those of you, if you don't, you know, if you aren't super versed in it and you
don't know how Ringo talks, perfect right on the money.
I don't I don't want to cause the tangent, but I thought of that joke.
And then I thought about how we you and I saw Ringo in the All-Star band years ago.
And I chose Yellow Submarine to take a bathroom break.
And you were upset about it.
Or maybe not upset, but it was kind of like, what?
Yeah, yeah.
Are you are you sure you did?
You did hear what they're playing, right?
Right.
Well, it was, you know, he plays a couple of his Beatles songs,
a few of them.
And that's the boy when the boy gets a girl.
I love boys.
We've talked about how you do not like boys.
I don't really care.
And I love boys.
Boys is fine.
It's a cover.
Also, that's not one of the originals, but that is a Ringo.
I love when they love girls talking about boys.
I'm sorry.
Now I'm veering into criticizing impressions,
but I'm veering into Eddie Vedder.
Oh, boy.
I bet Eddie Vedder loves the song Boys.
I bet he does.
He might.
You should do it with it.
That seems like if that hasn't happened at a rock and roll hall.
Yeah.
And what are we doing?
Seriously?
Do I think?
Oh, shit.
You really you you've ruined the episode.
I hate to tell you this, but you've ruined the episode immediately.
I believe Ringo does Boys with Green Day at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Oh, no.
I believe they back up.
No, I was stepping in a Green Day shaped pile of shit.
For sure.
They did Boys with Ringo.
At least there was a different song.
They for sure were with Ringo because I believe they all got in at the same year.
I don't remember a couple of years ago.
That's right.
They're in.
Yeah, they're in.
They got in like first year.
Their first first year ballot, I think.
It's a band of all Ringo's and Ringo and Ringo had to get in
because Paul McCartney had to go to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and be like,
you know, Ringo should be in.
What do we do?
Ringo is a big star.
The other three men we should put Ringo in.
I'll come.
And like he had to make a deal like I'm coming.
I will induct him.
And they were like, like, I think the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
must have been very resistant to induct another man over 70.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is that really something they want to do?
No, they hate doing that.
But yeah.
So
real quick, Paul wrote a book, a second book in his
great hey, Grand Dude series.
Yes.
Called Grand Dude's Green Submarine.
What is it?
Children's book?
It's a children's book.
And my daughter has this book.
Hey, Grand Dude is now Grand Dude is the name of his old man character.
So it's not Grandpa.
It's Grand Dude.
And that is now a Paul McCartney original IP.
Character?
Where does he play the character?
Well, he doesn't play it.
He writes it.
Oh, it's credited as written by Paul McCartney.
He's never dressed up as Grand Dude anywhere.
As far as I know, not yet.
I hope one day we get a Grand Dude movie, because obviously Paul was in one of the
Pirates movies.
Jason is over there carefully checking his list of submarine names.
Yeah.
Fine.
That's you guys go.
I'll get this ready.
I've got a lot of Cold War paraphernalia to brush up on.
He's he's chomping at the bit to do it.
But I was like, so Paul now has another submarine in the Beatles can't
earn a green submarine now to the green submarines.
Paul and John wrote purple.
Well, better not be if he lives long enough.
I think we're going to get all the colors
because John and Paul wrote Yellow Submarine for Ringo.
That's not a Ringo penned original.
So Paul now has written two different color submarine.
I think I knew that till this morning, till I knew knowing this was coming.
I didn't know that was a Lennon McCartney.
And then it was kind of the verse is kind of like actually kind of a tender Lennon
folky.
I listened to his demo of just the verse.
Right.
Right.
It's not sing songy and silly at all.
Yeah.
What John seriousness.
Right.
When you got Ringo in there, you got to make it sing songy
and a little silly.
We agree.
We have different Beatles opinions here and there, but we do agree that
and we both have this policy in our homes that our children
only read books by celebrity authors.
Yeah, yeah.
My son has a stacked line of everything Jimmy Fallon's ever written.
Hey, there, Moo Moo or whatever.
Celebrity books are certainly are not ghost written.
No, they couldn't do that.
You would have to lock up if I don't know, if Sofia Vergara
wasn't the author of her book, she could go to jail for that.
Yeah, right.
That's true.
None of these guys want to, you know, do that dance.
I've got all the books ready for when she gets older, too.
I mean, I have the whole William Shatner Tech War collection ready to go.
All of his Star Trek expanded universe novels as well.
Again, not ghost written.
Definitely William Shatner sat down and wrote them.
I'm just waiting for like, what is the right age for my teenage son
to start reading the Chelsea Handler body of work?
I mean, it's a little because he should probably be of drinking age
because it's all like, oh, it's very hey there, Martini.
Right.
I believe we've met.
I'm Chelsea.
Jason, does Jay Leno have any children's books?
He does.
He does.
OK, Scott knows.
I think it's called If Roast Beef Could Fly.
Oh, yeah, I know that.
Add it to the pile.
Jay Leno's acting career.
Jay Leno's wrestling career.
Jay Leno's children's book career.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, we've been told about if roast beef.
I believe listeners have said, like, thought of you and saw it at a good will.
That's probably right.
That's why I thought it.
If roast beef could fly.
Yeah.
Well, roast beef is that's an important topic to Jay
because he eats roast beef probably 12 times a week.
And in his in his rotation, as far as he stretches his diet.
Yeah, that's as weird as he gets.
Right.
Well, yeah, 12 times.
So seven days a week for breakfast.
And then like the hobbits, he also has elevens these in second breakfast.
So he squeezes it in.
Sure.
Yeah.
Mike, of course, I got your daughter
the Krasenstein book, how the people trumped Ronald Plump.
What the one did those those Kukon man on the on Twitter,
Ed and Brian Krasenstein were always doing like, vote.
Oh, yeah.
Vote.
And then they they made the book with like shirtless Robert Mueller,
like jacked Robert Mueller.
My God.
You're considering these guys celebrities.
Oh, these are sure internet.
Micros celebrities.
Celebrities only going to grow.
That's true.
In the next couple of years.
How people Trump Ronald
but we're going to have to read that book so that we know how to how to
how to Trump him, how to vote him out, how to vote him.
All right.
That's fair.
OK.
I don't know if you know this, but Ronald Plump is based on a real man
and a real and a real threat.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, thank you for buying those books.
I assume you'll give them to me one day.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you want them.
You get them.
You're reading them and enjoying them yourself.
I understand the first printing, but you guys can have the second and third.
You already pre purchased the second and third printing.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they're already ever since they did that debate
with Glenn Glenn Greenwald and whatever destiny is.
I think he's a streamer.
No one's making you know about any of no one's making you watch any of this.
No, but I do know this.
Glenn Greenwald is not sorry, you know,
and Greenwald's not always fun to talk about is Shatner or Leno.
No, that's true.
More unpleasant.
That's true.
Oh, the positive endorphins everyone got when they heard tech war.
Yeah.
Tech war is fun.
Bill Shatner is fun.
I think we can all agree the complete works of tech war is fun.
Friend a friend of the show, Andrew Grissom, texted me a photo of William
Shatner with Coco the gorilla last night, and I was delighted.
And you guys refer to it as tech sting.
That's your threat.
Your thread is called Mike and Andrew text.
Tech Sting.
Yeah.
T.
All right.
The tangent has been cleared out.
I promise no more Green Day references, because I'll personally bleep them out.
So now we can get down to the business, the off to delayed business
of our Tomorrowland series, the slowest moving series, much like Disney.
We have found a lot of other things to do.
Oh, yeah.
Instead of deal with Tomorrowland.
But we're here.
We're doing it now.
And we're dealing with, I think, a crucial piece of Tomorrowland,
part of Tomorrowland's first big expansion, part of Disneyland's first big expansion.
And that's the submarine voyage later and currently
finding Nemo submarine voyage.
I think it's an important part of the story of Disneyland.
Been there forever, a stalwart.
So I think that we should honor it.
We should say what's great about it.
And then we should talk about what we're going to do when we get that sweet,
sweet land back when these when these suckers are
kicked out of the park forever.
There's a great big, beautiful tomorrow.
The cement trucks are pulling up to it
to fill that nine nine million gallon water sink.
Fill it up.
No more.
Yeah.
Drain the chlorine.
Yeah.
But you know what?
You know, let's we'll try to say some nice things.
Although, how about this before we do any any history of it?
Just knee jerk current feelings about finding Nemo submarine voyage.
How about that?
How how much do we do it?
I've done it, I think, once.
Yeah.
Since it's reopened, since reopened as the finding Nemo.
So it might be it might be a choice.
It might be a choice.
Yeah.
I am twice.
I've done it a handful of times.
It's really slow loading.
Yeah.
It is fun.
I have a lot of warm feelings, I think, towards
20,000 leagues under the sea at Disney World, which
which we covered that is done with Stony Sharp years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Discussing that here.
That is off the table.
That clears up time for more if roast beef could fly.
Oh, thank God.
But that did answer.
I watched the the defunct land about it.
And that did answer a long running question of mine,
which was like
20,000 leagues, the movie with Kurt Douglas and James Mason
comes out in the mid fifties.
And then this opens in 59, the submarine voyage.
And I was like, why didn't they just make it 20,000 leagues?
And then I'm like, oh, submarines were still very futurey.
And as Kevin points out in the defunct land video,
they the Tomorrowland of Florida didn't quite make sense for 20
for a submarine voyage, but 20,000 leagues under the sea
is a little more fantasy based.
So that's how it ended up.
Oh, it was fantastic.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yes.
Whereas it's a little more started, a little more clinical
here in Disneyland.
And submarines were all the rage at the time.
It was submarine fever.
Yeah.
Well, the journey through liquid space, you know, we're going through
through space space and now the unexplored part of planet Earth.
Liquid space.
Sure.
That's right.
Deep.
Yeah.
And what could be down there?
Some barnacles and mollusks and then and then one goofy
sea serpent with crossed eyes.
That's right.
What might be down there?
Yeah.
Can someone just refresh my memory and confirm
was that goofy sea serpent at that?
That's from Disneyland exhibit.
That might have been a Richard Kraft owned item.
I think it was like right when you first walked in,
ran into the sea serpent.
Yeah.
Yeah, I believe so.
Yeah.
That does sound familiar.
One thing.
Well, I'll say that, you know, we're sort of in history.
When it when I go into it a little bit.
So this is not opening day Disneyland,
but there was a lagoon pretty early on in that spot at Disneyland.
There was something called the Phantom Boats over there.
This is one of the most disastrous attractions of all time.
We might have touched on a little bit when we did our Tomorrowland
was weird episode.
They they broke all the time.
Guests piloted them on their own and that didn't work.
And then they started putting like, here's the you got a navigator in the back.
Yeah.
And and so therefore, I mean,
a ride where there's a person in every single car.
That gets tough to run.
You run low staffing wise, and I think they still broke a lot.
So this was only open for a year.
Left him with a lagoon.
And I guess Walt had a hunch that Phantom Boats aren't the future.
We will not be piloting Phantom Boats around.
Yeah.
Our local canals and oceans.
They did look cool, though.
I did like those fins.
Meanwhile, as I said, submarine fever.
Why the real submarine, the Nautilus in 1958, right before this ride opened,
became the first submarine to travel under the polar ice cap.
I could say many more real submarine facts.
I'm quite versed, but I know there's no need.
I don't think you could sprinkle them in as we go.
Oh, sure.
Oh, I'd love to.
And I and I will.
Yeah.
And definitely remember that I said that I would.
Yeah.
But no, it's like I don't think I realize this, how how current they were.
And which makes it a little interesting
in that I can't think of an example of like now Disney does an attraction
that's like based on something that everybody's obsessed with.
I don't know what that is, like like segues.
Yeah, you mean, they open to segue experience and technology and not a movie,
not a property.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Just like everyone's excited about.
I mean, there was a self-driving car time.
We've talked about how there was a minute where like, take that Autopia
and all its stinky diesel and turn it into.
Jason said this.
Why don't you give it to Elon Musk?
I think he said it in 2018.
Why doesn't Elon Musk just do a bunch of tells you?
You say that before we knew that?
Well, yes, that's I think a lot of people are saying that.
I think we all agreed at the time.
I'm actually not.
I don't think we knew a lot about the man at the time,
like at least in the public consciousness.
Real life Iron Man, we knew that.
We knew he was really like Tony Stark.
That's what we knew.
Uh huh.
And we could project anything onto that.
Tony Stark good at quipping funny.
So probably Elon Musk, it stands to reason, is extremely funny.
Recovering alcoholic Tony Stark, famously,
usually dealing with the demon of alcoholism.
But as MCU Tony Stark, they kind of in two, they touched on it,
but they don't really, they don't really go there.
Like, you know, get into the real life like stimulants.
Sure.
There's not a lot of people are wild about, you know, stimulant.
They don't.
Iron Man three.
Did Iron Man take Adderall?
No, no, I was saying Iron Man three does not deal with the Adderall shortage.
That was going around.
That's true.
You're right.
That's true.
Oh, a while back.
What drugs does Tony did Tony Stark do?
I mean, are you showing that in children's comics?
Well, in the seventies, Demon in the Bottle?
Eighties.
Eighties.
Demon in the Bottle is a very famous Iron Man.
And it's like a big like Tony with like dark circles under his eyes
with the helmet off and looking in the mirror in a bottle there.
Oh, that was a big story.
Green Lantern, Green Arrow both dealt with like racism.
Speedy Green Arrow sidekick got addicted to heroin.
Really?
Yeah, there's like a cover where like Speedy, his like
Green Arrow's young ward is like tying his arm off.
Is that to like look, I've you might be surprised I've never done heroin.
Doesn't heroin kind of slow things down?
Was he sick of all the speed?
Well, Green Arrow.
Oh, so Green Arrow is just the guy with the bow and arrow.
Yes.
But wait, but Speedy, you said that was his name.
But he didn't run fast, right?
No, he didn't run fast.
Yeah.
And how did he get this name?
He's changed to Arsenal, I think, at the 90s.
I know they fixed it.
They fixed it.
Yeah, good.
It should not be.
I go right to if I'm reading a comic and somebody named
Speedy is in it, I have one expectation.
It's not that he does heroin.
There are a lot of Flash characters and none of them are named Speedy.
There's Kid Flash, there's Impulse.
There's Max Mercury, Jesse Quick.
Well, Jesse Quick's pretty good.
Jesse Quick is Quick?
Yeah, he is Quick.
I should hope so.
She.
Well, but it's not she.
Oh, right, right.
But it's not an accidental last name.
Jesse Quick doesn't shoot arrows.
Anyway, Walt starts dreaming of what to do with that big, big plot of land.
The Disneyland's first big expansion.
Do I say the full list?
That in 59, what comes?
I mean, this is so significant.
They call it the second opening of Disneyland, even its monorail,
its Matterhorn, its subs.
What a transformative time.
I mean, that's truly the announcement.
Disneyland's here to stay.
Disneyland is going to do stuff like this, like big, ambitious expansions.
So it's it's very important.
And I feel like something that had never been tried before either.
This is one of the things where I'm trying to give it credit
before we start salivating.
Oh, yeah.
I believe this is also the e-ticket started for these attractions.
Uh huh.
This was one of the first e-tickets.
There were no e-tickets.
Again, it's one of those things.
Now there are online tickets.
People say when, yeah,
A's were you bought individual ride tickets at that time.
A's were the trash cans, the water fountains.
You had to use an A ticket to throw something away.
Yeah.
So most sidewalks were free,
but if you wanted to step up on some of the nicer brickwork,
that'll cost you an A and then they'll kick it like,
no, that only gets you 20 feet.
You're out.
The free sidewalks were the ones that lady shoes
kept getting stuck in in that opening day.
Yeah, that's why they were free.
Yeah.
That's why you can walk in that.
Oh, you want the hard walkable surfaces.
That's going to cost you.
No, but this is like this seems like kind of it's one of those like
crazy dreams that Walt had threw it at the guys and said,
you figure it out.
And they did figure it out.
There were a lot of things to figure out.
If we're going to do a submarine ride, does that imply
and you want to see fish and aquatic life and stuff?
OK, maybe we can put some of those in there.
Like it's a big tank.
Well, most types of water, you will not see any fish that live in there.
So it's going to have to be chlorine.
And if it's chlorine, then certainly we cannot have fish swimming around.
That won't work.
Yeah, they need chlorine for maintenance.
They say the logistics of rotating vehicles and the need for consistent
visitor experiences.
So it's we end up with this is like underwater jungle cruise.
Yes, they don't do real animals because you can't depend on those.
Right.
Yeah.
And it's like to me and maybe I'm getting ahead of myself
or getting ahead of the conversation.
But like to me, the big thing is just like,
make sure it looks like it's going underwater.
Like ultimately, yes, without the realism was not able to be achieved, really,
as far as what you're seeing outside.
So literally, I think the big magic trick of it is just like,
it's got to look like a kid like you're going underwater.
Oh, my God, this is crazy.
Yeah.
And I feel like it was oddly late in my knowledge of this ride,
which, again, I think all alliterations put together.
I know you're going to say.
I don't think I think I've only been on it four times in my life,
but I'm sure I went on it once or twice without knowing that you don't actually dive.
Yes.
Yeah.
I didn't know that until a couple of years ago.
Well, I think I mean, I recently feel stupid if you feel the same way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was fooled.
And the kid, I was freaked, too.
Yeah, sure.
I said that in my.
Take their word for it.
And you don't you don't realize what that effect is and what's that.
Basically, there's just moments where they say dive, they say the word dive
and then bubbles are released and kind of cover your your porthole window.
Because that's that's the thing about the ride.
If you've never been on it, it's this very narrow space as some might say,
a claustrophobic space.
And yes, everybody's got an individual porthole.
And and you put your head inside it pretty much.
Basically, and everybody's got their own little personal porthole view
of a bunch of scenes in aquatic life and stuff.
But yeah, I because you only see the beginning.
I mean, you can.
That's another nice thing I'll say about this attraction
that I think the lagoon looks very nice.
And I like it in its current form.
I like it with the seagulls.
Yeah.
Mine, mine, mine.
It's fun.
And you watch the submarines do a pass from the loading area.
They kind of do a full loop and then they disappear behind the waterfall.
They move through a waterfall unless that doesn't operate anymore.
I don't remember.
I think it does.
But it moves into a show building.
That's kind of a thing.
You forget about this.
There is a show building and a big show building.
And by the time you're in there, you can really control it and light it.
And it starts feeling like you're really in the depths
more than when you've got natural sunlight and you can look up
and see the water line.
Yeah.
No, it's it's great.
Again, yeah.
Couple of years ago, probably right before this box.
Maybe I did.
I learned it on the 20,000 Leagues episode.
I remember.
Maybe if they remember that episode can tell me when I.
When did I learn it?
You tell me listeners when I learned it,
much like Jason didn't tell me how I got to Manhattan from the airport.
This was a second gate thing.
Yeah.
You demanded to know what routes you took.
Many, many listeners, I will say, did tell me how I did it.
They knew they did know.
Yes.
From New York.
How did you end up on the Long Island?
Long Island Railroad Railroad.
I had to take like an air train or something.
OK.
Yeah.
I took an air train and get to the Long Island Railroad.
But now listeners tell me when did I learn
that there was a show building for these subs?
I don't know.
They're going to tell me, you know, like
look at transcripts or something.
Find the phrase.
I didn't know that.
Mary Lou Henner is an listener to podcast the ride.
You probably remember it perfectly because she, of course, has a perfectly
perfect recall in her memory.
So what?
Mary Lou Henner really from taxi.
Mary Lou Henner from taxi.
Has this never come up on the show before?
Well, there's no I didn't know that before.
Wow.
OK.
Now you now listeners know when I learned that.
Mary Lou Henner from taxi has what she claims is a perfect memory.
She recalls every moment in her life from like the minute to minute.
So she can tell you like what days things happened.
Does she like is that horrible?
Is that a burden?
Doesn't seem like it.
She seems like a nice lady who's having a nice time.
I always like seeing her on things.
Yeah.
So if she's a listener to podcast the ride, she could probably tell me.
Mary Lou would love to hear her thoughts on the submarine voyage.
Of course.
Sure.
We'll repeat it again.
We didn't know you were listening.
We, of course, would have given this to you as a guest.
We just didn't know you were listening.
Of course.
We'll never forget now, much like you, Mary Lou.
But so, yeah, dives are all simulated, which I think they do a good job.
But that's pretty good.
If you know, we're into this stuff more than others.
Yeah.
Fooled us.
Yeah.
And that's the whole thing.
Like to me, I think that's that's the magic with it.
Yeah.
Like that's that's especially for kids.
If you were going to make an argument for this thing sticking around,
that's like maybe the only thing that I think is still kind of special about it
is the actual idea that the kids going under like you're getting going under.
Yes.
And you are.
You do go under water.
You go under, but not very far.
And if you hear your head really at the beginning of the ride,
if you put your head all the way, stick it all the way up that porthole.
And you can see the the water line.
Right.
Yes.
Sun or moonlight poking through.
And these are technically boats.
I saw these are not technically submarines.
Really?
They wouldn't be classified.
It wouldn't be classified.
Interesting.
Well, why is that?
What is that?
Because they don't dive.
Oh, they maintain the same level.
And the whole time, I think the diving is the big is it on a track?
It's on track.
Yes, for sure.
Yeah.
Then maybe you wouldn't call it a yeah.
I mean, they're probably not.
I guess they are.
It would be a waste of a sub if it wasn't diving.
I mean, I believe the outside was fabricated by like.
A place that makes yeah, by like a sub maker.
Yeah, but yeah, so by the people who make made the real ones for the military.
The General Dynamics is the company.
Yes, actually built the actual ones
and then these as well.
That's kind of a that's sort of an air that I mean, they shook this off.
I would say at some point when they painted them yellow instead of gray,
because these were like steely gray.
Very, very cold war.
You know, yes, that's what I was.
All aboard.
It's extremely cold war.
And even and I just right before we started,
saw a photo of the load platform before it opened.
And there are there's like people are in military uniforms.
There are American flags draped all over.
So it is.
Yeah, I guess the implication is that you're going on.
You're going to go on a fun little submarine trip.
But this could be used to nuke Russia blow up the enemy.
Yeah.
The anecdote.
There's a lot of stories about these, a lot of anecdotes.
The one big one I kept coming across was,
you know, Nikita Khrushchev, when it when he was visiting America,
he wanted to see Disneyland.
And they're like, it's too complex.
It's too much security risk.
And what was disappointed because he's he really wanted to go like,
well, I've got a fleet of submarines as well.
Like, he really wanted to show off his submarine.
Got my Disneyland submarine fleet.
Got my submarines.
So the shit ever hits the fan.
You might have to watch out from a launch from southern California.
You might beat America, but you won't beat Disneyland.
Also, I'm going to secede one day.
Look, the nuclear, the cloud, the cloud of radiation
will just kind of float anywhere.
But, you know, could be coming from Disneyland.
You won't know what if Walt really one of the subs shot a missile,
but not all of them.
One of them was equipped with weapons.
Oh, sure.
Yeah.
Just in case.
Uh huh.
Expensive to put one on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But if you know, if not, I was going to say if not,
if there was a river from not to Disney, they could just they could.
And they had to go to war together or go to war against each other.
Then who knows?
They could send it through.
Yeah.
Just through the sewers.
Yeah.
Matterhorn was a missile silo.
We didn't know.
No one ever knew that.
Turned it into a basketball court eventually.
But yeah, he had he was ready.
He had the matter and was only built to keep an eye on him.
Yeah.
And opens up building two big dreams.
Yeah.
Let's keep those rides dinky, shall we not?
It's frozen.
Everyone's I was frozen heads under the castle.
It's like, well, no.
But there was a missile underneath the matter.
Let's talk about what this ride experience actually was.
Yeah.
And one thing I'm not totally clear on is was there ever really a shift
in the big, the long era of when it was
or initially open before the the Nemo switch, which is 59 to 98?
I don't know if that if the experience ever changed there,
but there's some videos you can watch from somewhere in there.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know.
You dive, you see bubbles, you see it's a psychological trick.
The trick you were underwater.
That's what I'm saying.
It's like more underwater than you thought.
Special necessarily about what you're seeing in the tiny windows to me.
So it's just the idea that, oh, my God, I can't believe it.
This thing could blow up at any moment.
We could just sink to the bottom of the sea.
Like, that's the whole thing.
I mean, and maybe I'm just projecting my fears when I was little.
I don't know, which I am often on this show, I suppose.
Yeah.
You told your mom, what if this whole thing just imploded instantly,
hellishly trapping us and any other very rich people in this?
Right.
You predicted an entire thing that happened.
Right.
And look, this is an anecdote I did tell on the other sub story,
but I will tell it again because many years later that I think I lied
and said I had to pee to get out of going on this
as we got to the front of the line and the Disney World version.
So made it all the way through.
I believe we waited like an hour in line.
And then I was like, Mommy, I have to pee.
And I think, though, I'm probably had to pee to some degree.
But I think I was scared.
I think I was scared of the briny deep.
Now that I've done some theme park with a child, how angry I would be,
how much this would wear me down on the other side of it.
Like, oh, my God.
After the slowest load weight, my mom was like arguing, like bargaining with me.
Come on, we just we waited.
Can we do?
No, I have to go.
I think I have to go.
I have to pee.
Oh, I have to do it.
As soon as my son develops the ability to lie better.
That is a weapon that I'm sure is what parenting is, I'm sure.
Is then then that weapon is used every day.
Yeah, the invention when he invents it.
The invention of lying.
Yes.
But if you don't check it out and pretend you have to pee,
you know, it starts pretty gentle.
It's kind of more realistic sea life.
And there's some fish swimming around.
And then big, big parts of it is a graveyard of lost ships.
You go to the North Pole like the real ship did.
There are the real Nautilus.
And then they start because it's supposed to be like realistic and militaristic.
They have to, but they want to do goofy stuff.
They don't want you don't want to just look at fish and sunken ships.
Right.
So you see mermaids, you see Atlantis.
Oh, yeah.
This is a very active volcano.
That's why I was going to say a volcano.
It's a very active submarine trip where you see a volcano as well.
You see giant squids and a big goofy sea serpent, as we said.
And then they have to justify all this as that the pilot is hallucinating,
that he's losing his mind.
Yes.
Yeah.
Doesn't inspire a lot of faith
when your submarine captain is starting to crack.
Bad cat.
Is this the first like debut of the bad captain?
And I don't mean to insult Rex on Star Tours.
Yeah.
But is this the first is that a trope started here, perhaps?
Like of this?
I guess you could say, I mean, a bad captain is someone
who is tripping during captaining.
That is a bad captain.
No offense.
If it's on purpose, but if it's just, well, he should get his head together
and not be like.
Because the voyage just started.
Yeah.
So I like he should have known somebody should have known
to not let him take the wheel of the sub if he's going to hallucinate
literally a minute into the rants and raves.
However, wait, we said all this, but you see it too.
Is it that maybe he's not bad if we're seeing it?
But he and it is real.
It's just so silly that he can only justify a cross-eyed sea serpent.
This must be sea madness.
I need to check myself in somewhere as soon as this trip is over.
And then he's wrongfully institutionalized.
So he's not you're saying we're all seeing the same thing
and we're all kind of going through it together.
If we're seeing it, then yes.
Yeah.
I think he's somebody released like there's a gas in the sub, maybe.
And we're all sort of on the same page with its hallucinogenic effects.
Or or just imagine him going home that day.
And it all did happen.
And like, how was your day at work, sweetie?
You're not going to believe this shit.
This was the most interesting day.
So much goddamn stuff in that sub happened.
And sorry, and you sorry you were only out for nine minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
That's what I'm saying.
I saw Atlantis.
I saw Mermaids.
I had to do everything in my power to not get seduced by them
and to end up back here with you, honey.
Yeah.
So I would imagine like the it depends.
In the narrative of the ride, is it clear where we're supposed to be?
Because obviously it's not Disneyland.
Or is it Disneyland?
Is Disneyland is Atlantis contained in Disneyland?
I guess so.
So, you know, five minutes away.
Right.
It's in whatever rivers in Orange County.
OK, so that's interesting, too, because maybe if you're if the sub driver
or what you sub captain is his daily routine is going to work at Disneyland,
then that's a different thing than just like we're supposed to believe
this is a journey we're taking and it's starting in the middle of whatever.
Pacific Ocean or something.
Sure, sure.
So I like to think that Atlantis is actually hidden in Disneyland.
That's fun.
Uh huh.
And we should be able to.
It's like there was something about the air.
You know, Walt had a feeling he picked it seemingly at random.
But maybe it was it was really as many mermaids calling to him
from the helicopter where he was pointing at land and saying, why don't I own that?
Yeah.
The little island of Disneyland should be like a golden book.
You know, and then you look for the little island because of course,
I'm talking about the little man of Disneyland,
which was an old golden book where you would go.
You would learn about the little like leprechaun.
Was he leprechaun?
Pretty much a leprechaun.
Pretty much a leprechaun.
He lived in the land that Disneyland was built on.
They skirted the copyright.
Whoever actually owns the concept of leprechauns.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, didn't want to pay the owner of the IP, the IP of leprechauns.
I what you be wanting.
That's that is a pirate voice.
Not look.
Irish is not something I can do.
No.
Oh, it's hard.
Yeah.
Shiver me timbers.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day.
I can only I'm Irish.
Hello, peace and love.
Hello.
Hello, from Ireland.
Peace and love, baby.
I'm the little man of Disneyland.
When an Irish boy kisses an Irish girl.
So masters of voices.
Oh, yeah.
It's a three.
Theater of the mind.
So lucky you get to do theater of the mind with us.
There's so many voices in here.
You think we had the whole cover of Sergeant Pepper in the room with us.
We can do all the different characters from the cover of the peppers,
which I can only name Mae Weston, WSA Farrell.
Did we look up there?
They have the names, but are they named because of the Bee Gees movie?
Do they have character names or were those character names actually?
Well, there's Billy Shears.
But then the other the other ones, one of them, them is Billy Shears.
But I forget who the other I don't know.
They're all but they're all named in the Bee Gees.
Sergeant Pepper.
Yeah, I don't remember if that's from Beatles mythology or if that's something
the Bee Gees and Peter Frampton brought to the table.
That's something we have to look at.
Please, you know, hey, nudge us if you want us to do the Sergeant Pepper movie
on the second date.
Stop us if you don't want us to do it.
Stop way in either way.
Yeah, yeah, because, you know, when we get our sights on something.
I love the Sergeant Pepper.
I've watched it many a time willingly.
OK, but so there's all that stuff.
And, you know, something you got to give us credit for is there's two sides
to the submarine, two sets of windows.
They had to build everything twice.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So you built they built two rides.
Yeah.
Good job, everybody.
Yes.
Most rides are only one ride.
Most rides are only one ride, except for this, which, yeah, that's a thing.
I also just never thought about.
Mm hmm.
I assumed.
I don't know.
I don't know what you're saying.
You are getting a great show.
And the other side are a bunch of saps.
Yeah.
Just look at who just see dark water.
Right.
And dead mermaids.
Oh, no.
Just floating there.
We suck corpses.
Oh, no.
I don't want to ride on the dead side.
Oh, that's true.
The sea is unforgiving, son.
The sooner you learn the better.
Yeah.
Why don't marry a mermaid?
Because of course, they did have the real people playing mermaids in this lagoon.
Yes.
Yeah.
Let's talk about that.
Yeah.
That's some odd Disney
arcania that like mid 60s in the in the summer,
you know, right around when Yellow Submarine was released.
Of course.
Yeah.
There were live mermaids on the rocks who waved to visitors from the lagoon
for longer than I thought.
Like they were doing this for years.
You have it summers.
I think.
I think there were there was some presence of mermaids around when it opened,
but then it became a regular thing.
Mid 60s.
Do we know how do you do?
You have a year that it lasted or are.
I think it ended in 67.
That's right.
That's not like 65, 67.
Yeah.
They held auditions in the Disneyland Hotel Pool.
They had a height requirement.
Able bodied girls from four of four
from like five, four to five, seven, I think.
I'm sure everyone, the judges were very respectful.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
This entire affair must have been.
This must have been a delight to go through.
OK, well, string your legs up.
But on this but on this star bra,
I would say it's pointy.
Yeah.
You'll get used to it.
Was it?
Wait, what were the words?
Was everyone's midriff showing?
Do we believe they were?
Yeah.
So, yeah.
Oh, oh.
And I was I was told many times by my mother over the years
that Annette Funicello was told by Mr.
Disney not to show her navel in certain movies.
So if Walt was very like a prudish about seeing a lady's belly.
But I wonder about in this instance,
the mermaids he was not so worried about
because it was accurate to the lore of mermaids.
Yes, the lore of scientifically, mermaids had shell bras.
So you have to go with science.
So what was like, well, all right.
And then he was like, oh, and there'll be a far enough way from the visitors.
And they won't have to be.
See the belly up close.
And I'm just happy that because of their the fin
that covers their second half that you don't you don't see any butt.
Well, I think leg.
I think but they couldn't even say leg.
No, no, no, no.
Gams, disgusting, sinful legs.
Yeah, yeah.
So but yeah.
So I'm interested that Walt would allow this.
I would think he should have put them in like a full mermaid, like body suit.
A mermaid gown.
Yes.
Yes.
And then they'd be in the water.
The reasons they gave, you know, there there's always the anecdote of like
guy, oh, there was a couple of guys who jumped in and swam out to them.
And it was weird.
But the reasons I saw given of like why they stopped doing this
were much more like practical.
Like people would stand on the walkway by the Matterhorn to take pictures.
And that would cause crowding.
And then the mermaids were like, we're concerned for our health.
Being around this much chlorine and diesel exhaust.
Yeah.
Yeah, it sounds awful.
Yes.
Those are two bad things to be near.
It turned their hair green, which is something I remember
about the happening to my sister growing up.
What a disturbing thing.
That is weird.
Just your full body goes into very chlorinated.
It is weird.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I remember specifically a girl in my neighborhood,
like dyed her hair blonde over the summer and then swam in a pool a bunch.
And then it was a little green.
And you think like there had been a terrorist attack on her.
Like she the parents were so like, and this is the green hair.
I like they were just so bewildered by this.
Like shell shock.
Like they were like shell shock.
That's a good way to put it.
And a tragedy had happened to the family.
Looking back, it's like this girl was 11 years old.
Well, wait, are you saying that they were like upset
that like something might be dangerous in the water and turn their daughters
hair green, or are you saying like they didn't like the idea that she had such
a wild hair color?
It was a wild hair color.
And it's like the grief of like when your mom would take you to get a haircut
and they would do not a great job and they would just be stewing about it
for days like your mom would be.
I might be a Sheridan specific situation.
Yeah, I'd like to hear more about this.
There are Sheridan's and other mothers in the neighborhood.
You just over here.
And then it's like, well, and then the hair.
We're not going there anymore because it's like, who gives a shit
about your kids nasty hair?
Like, who cares?
It's going to grow back.
You know, there are 10.
It's going to grow in instantly.
So this is from a direct memory of when you got a shitty little boy haircut
and your mom was upset about it.
Well, you see the Sheridan boy.
Oh, it's a little hard to fuck up a bowl cut.
Michael, you know, I agree with you.
I'm just saying it sounds like this is from personal experience.
I just remember so much.
And it's like, and they're going to think I'm like hearing adults
lament and it's like, oh, they're going to think I'm a bad mother.
And it's like, who's going to think what?
But then they are.
This does seem like a gossipy situation.
Everyone is.
Everyone does.
There was definitely some gossip of like, and did you see your green hair?
Well, she, you know, you dye it.
And if you go swimming too quick and it's just like, what does it matter?
Yeah.
What are you concerned about her health?
It was just they were like, now we have a wild green hair daughter.
Yeah.
And it too, when you would swim in like friends pools in the neighborhood,
it would be you would have the thought I would have the thought, at least of like,
feels like there is either too much chlorine in this pool or not enough chlorine.
Oh, yeah.
The same token, though, you're saying that.
Oh, and then my daughter's hair ended up getting dyed gray.
Get over it.
It's going to go back.
Yeah, I am saying get over it.
I am saying.
Well, I just it depends on what the reasoning is, because if it's just
they were worried about the color, who cares?
I agree with you.
But if they're saying like, you know, Mr.
Johnson, they accidentally dumped the whole bottle of chlorine,
the whole jug of chlorine in, and now my daughter's hair is green.
My daughter doesn't have pupils anymore.
Yeah.
Then I understand why you would be like gossiping about Mr.
Johnson's pool.
I don't think ambient health, when everyone is like blasting cigs indoors
and burning blueberry candles, try to clean it up.
I don't think they were necessarily concerned about a very specific
neighborhood picture.
Blueberry candles, cigarettes, the greenest of pools
and the meanest of gossip.
You know, I like I like I mean, I know I know to some degree
what you're saying gossip wise.
You know, I remember my grandmother gossiping about her friends and everything.
I do remember my mom being like a little bit too worried about,
you know, maybe appearance things for me.
But you are painting a very specific picture of your childhood
that I would like to hear more about.
Well, and the blueberry candles thing that stuck in my mind
because I can like remember like three houses, like it was not just
the next door neighbors, multiple people were covering up.
We're covering up with like a Yankee candle, blueberry candle.
Well, you go into town.
What city are we dealing with here?
Where you grew up?
Yeah.
Where were you living in this neighborhood?
Oh, Booth Wynn, Porta Troychester in Delaware County.
Booth.
Whoa.
That was a lot of words.
Booth Wynn, Porta Troy.
What?
Booth.
Booth Wynn.
What's the name of the town?
Booth Wynn was the borough.
Chichester was the overall town.
OK.
Chichester.
Chichester was like, yeah, that was our town.
You've been on the show before?
You're from Chichester?
I'm from Chichester, Pennsylvania.
Upper Chichester.
And then there was a lower Chichester.
I would have been able to pull that out.
The Chai, as they call it.
Chirac.
Wow.
I guess I didn't know that.
I would have.
That's the thing I should know about you.
You go to downtown Chichester and there's the bad barber.
There's a barber who fucks up every haircut.
And then right next to it is the all blueberry candle store.
The blueberry candle store.
And then the Corrie store is next to it.
That's very cheap.
So people buy too much of it.
Sure.
Counting for 20 cents.
She goes and buys like.
From your childhood?
From my childhood.
Oh, wow.
It was next to one of the elementary schools.
So that's cool.
Yeah.
Did you see that in the theater?
It's an HBO show.
Oh, yeah.
Did you go to the premiere?
Yeah, I know the theater.
The theater.
The Grumman's Chinese Theater.
I know.
Did you see that in the theater?
I'm not completely out of it when it comes to movies and TV that are out.
He saw the play it was based on.
I'm more of a music guy, OK?
I know new music.
Got so many half hours to listen to.
It doesn't have time to find out what's a movie or show.
God damn it.
I'm a music guy.
We'll get to some music stuff soon.
We better.
Yeah.
We better stop confusing me.
We've got some sea shanties to discuss.
Stop confusing me.
Is what all I ask.
OK, so
all right.
Mermaid's green hair.
Wait, did I have another mermaid thing?
Oh, they also just had to.
All right.
You have like ride vehicles on a trip.
Big lumbering ride vehicles on a track.
Probably want to keep the humans swimming nearby
away from them with like a big clear fence or something.
Yeah, no, it didn't do that.
They was just they just said, stay 15 feet away.
So the girls just had to eyeball 15 feet.
And they said one of them said, if you got too close,
you could feel the suction of propellers.
And that scared some of the girls.
Oh, it did it.
Come on, a little sucker.
All right.
Your hair gets a little green.
You get a little sucked up.
It's fine.
It's going to it's going to zip your fin off first.
And then you'll you'll have at least one full second
to get out of the propeller after that.
You have to.
This is just the worst.
So worst process to get a job.
And then it's the worst job that would a dangerous job.
Yeah, not not well paid, if you can imagine.
And then and then like men are leering at you, throwing coins at you.
Like you're a human fountain.
Yeah.
And then to get out of there, you had to like that because they wanted to just
you know, the way they do the character meet and greets were like
there's always a Mickey out.
And it's like, oh, Mickey has to step away for a second.
And then he does and he comes back as another Mickey.
They did the same thing.
We're just like quick mermaid, just quick cigarette break.
And then they were just like
they would have to like dive into the show building and then get picked up
from there.
So a dive was involved.
You had to fully submerge again near a ride vehicle and track.
And then like men were waiting there to like get them up the ladder.
And I'm sure that was I'm sure that was pleasant to the men
that were waiting there to take the 21 year old girls.
There's no way that was incredibly inappropriate.
I'm not good with names.
I just call you five foot five.
Ah, and that was like the nicer guy, probably.
Yeah, he put out his cigarette before he hoisted you.
Oh, well, if you're lucky, he did.
Yeah, well, I guess, you know, they'll they'll come off in the water, probably.
It won't since you wet sit, wet skin.
This was not the only it was not the mermaids
only who had occupational hazards working the submarine.
The the drivers, the drivers, the I think this was
was considered one of the worst rides to work at Disneyland.
We're talking about madness and fumes and all that.
It kind of happened because and a lot of us, I'm pulling from the book
more mouse tales.
You all right.
So they're like they're standing in the middle of the vehicles.
And then since they're standing, they've got like a vantage point
up in that little cab, which is that, you know, that's a little like
head cage that they're in basically.
And at least the way it used to work, the air circulation on the submarine
for how many people got on board, probably like close to 40.
And so you've got diesel fumes.
You've got chlorine.
You've got the smells of every one of all of these strangers mixing on board.
I don't think ventilation is great, really, beyond that.
So like stranger smells diesel chlorine, all getting like perfectly trapped
up in that little head box that they're in.
God, like if you took all of those smells and put it in a hat box
and then put the hat box on and then had to do it for an entire 10 minute trip.
That's kind of what this was like.
Quote, you spent that you spent the day sucking diesel fumes and chlorine.
Various employees called it obnoxious, the worst and a dungeon.
Oh, my God.
There was a it's an eight minute, 15 second trip, or it was at least.
If a kid got scared,
Mike style and could not use the bathroom excuse and was upset and claustrophobia
or reasonably claustrophobia is a real thing on this ride.
Sure.
But if it happened to a kid and they like they wanted out, there was no way out.
There's nothing you could do.
So that's the full eight minute trip with just screaming child the whole time.
There was also a story of a woman.
This smells especially bad one day.
And there's some grumbling driver realizes a woman is changing her baby's diaper
mid ride, then ride finishes and she just gets off and leaves the diaper
just sitting on the chair.
God bless her.
God bless her for that.
Yeah.
Wow.
The lack of awareness.
And then so he the driver just like I am not letting her get away with this.
And she and he ran down, got it, said to her, hey, you left a package on board.
And she was like, oh, I did not expecting the diaper.
She puts her hand out and he just plops the diaper in her hand,
waves and walks away.
And all the other passengers were still close by.
So they all gave a round of applause to that.
That is a good story.
So you have to add in that one trip, the smell of baby shit
to all those things that the driver had to endure trapped in a submarine.
Yeah, because, you know, we've been through this.
Well, we have a diaper genie, of course, that traps the the sole of the poops.
And when you open up the top of it,
like the containment unit and Ghostbusters,
you get the ghost of every poop that she's ever made.
So imagine putting your head in there and then a button
and gasoline and chlorine on top of that.
Add in the other one.
All right.
Have a good 10 minutes.
Yes.
And that's a good that's a scented thing.
The diaper genie.
Yeah.
Is diaper genie not one of the things that's like handed down to new parents?
Ah, you shouldn't be.
Yeah, no, yeah, yeah.
We've had two different diaper pail.
We've had the diaper genie is newer and it's a little more efficient
than the old one we had, but it's it's designed to make it seem like
it's going to not absorb the smell as bad as the other ones.
But I don't believe that that is happening.
I believe it smells.
The ghosts are stuck in there.
And you'd have to have a really expensive thing
that could completely like completely stay fresh forever.
So if you're having a baby shower and somebody shows up
with a clearly re gifted diaper, diaper genie with a big smile, I'm waiting.
Yeah, I would say you unless they've like doused it in chlorine or something
to kill it, to kill the germs or bleach or something.
And maybe that would work.
I don't think they should probably gift it.
I that's my feeling.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe you can effectively clean it.
But I'll say that the last diaper pail that was still pretty or whatever
diaper garbage can, I tried cleaning it.
Impossible.
There were just part of like they were just in there.
It was baked in there forever.
And I said, this is I spent like a half hour trying to do it.
And I was like, never mind getting a new one.
Yes.
No, no.
Not working.
So we'll see.
We'll see in a couple of months.
And when I will see in a couple of months if it's if it's baked in forever
on this thing.
But I think it is.
If it needs a refurb.
So, yeah.
So I don't know if the insides of a submarine would keep the
the duty smell of a baby's poop
stuck in there.
I don't know.
The pilot of the submarine,
I saw they had a seat for a little while.
OK.
And that was removed
because they would stop paying attention and getting collisions.
Oh, no.
And then the other thing is, and this made me want to
try and find other rides with this.
There was a dead man switch.
Are you guys familiar with the concept of a dead man switch?
I usually do.
I saw that phrase and I don't know what it is.
So I think it goes back to locomotives
and the idea being it has to be depressed or squeezed at all times.
And if it if it lets go,
if you let go of it,
it like it would stop.
It would stop going, I believe.
What is it?
Well, it's like a button or like a lever you have to constantly hold on to.
I always learned about it from like trains in the Old West.
If bandits came on board and shot the conductor,
shot the right, you really got it.
They would release it and the train would stop so that it wouldn't be out of control.
So there was a dead man switch on the submarine.
Oh, interesting.
But then that made me go, how many attractions have a dead man switch?
And I understand why it's called a dead man switch, a dead man's switch.
But were they afraid that one of the sub captains was going to die mid journey?
I guess there would be some sort of incident.
They did apparently deal with collisions back in the day.
And like, I think your little sub running into another little sub.
So I guess it was very unnerving.
Well, yeah, I wouldn't like that.
So I guess they were just like they don't they don't trust the people
they hired necessarily to not get like zoned out during one of these
like turnarounds.
Zoned out or zonked by diesel fumes.
Right.
So they had because that seems like it's so unpleasant to be holding this thing
all day long.
Yeah.
To make sure for 10 minute.
Right.
Yeah.
So I guess I guess it worked.
Maybe.
I don't know.
You pay attention.
You hold you keep a thing.
You hold it.
You don't drop it.
Right.
And a seat is distracting.
Because, yeah, if you if there's if somebody's changing a diaper right near
that captain and he passes out, then the thing will stop.
So that's good.
I guess it's good.
I guess it's smart.
This is the the difficulties of running the thing are one issue.
Another is this this lagoon is massive.
Apparently, when it opened, it was the largest body of filtered water in the world.
Wow.
I didn't see that.
That doesn't as I say it.
It doesn't sound right, because aren't there like wave pools or like those big,
you know, like by the by the pier in Santa Cruz is like a big bathing hall.
Maybe they weren't filtered.
I don't know.
Maybe it was a lie.
Could be a lie.
Like when they said it was the eighth largest submarine fleet,
because that's not true, because they aren't submarines if they're right.
Right.
But anyway, I think what is true is that they refurbished this ride in 1988.
They they did the like the longest drain of it that they'd done in a long time.
And they found that the lagoon was losing three hundred
thousand gallons of water a day.
Oh, God.
Every day, chlorinated water
seeping into the below.
Not a good, not good for all the residents of Atlantis.
And and also it like, oh, OK, wait.
So they they fixed that.
All right.
Let's seal up all those cracks and everything.
And they got it to where post the refurbishment,
they only lost a mere 50,000 a day.
That's what it was.
That's reasonable.
Potentially still is.
This is when you're dealing with something that hasn't been done,
when nobody's made a like last year, lined submarine lagoon or whatever it is.
Yeah.
So this gets us into and we know, look, we this this whole area,
this is interconnected with Autopia, which we've had our complaints about,
which we've had our eye on real estate wise.
It doesn't smell good coming out of those cars.
Then all this really is like eco disaster alley.
Yes.
You could justify you could justify it using just the environment
to demolish, not just that we want a new rider.
If we need to get past the purists, right.
Like need this to still be there because they grew up with it.
Maybe that is a good reason.
An exaggerated they're willing to lie about some of these facts.
If they need to falsify an EPA report
to get these things out of there.
Yes.
Yes.
So I think that's a good justification for.
Yeah.
Demolition.
Yeah.
I in the defunct land video, Kevin mentions
this used nine million gallons of water to save full.
Jaws the ride.
Also, a lot of a lot of water.
That was only five million gallons, so nearly half.
Whoa.
Really?
That seems so much bigger.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
But I don't know if that's deep.
Oh, maybe.
Yeah.
Maybe that's.
Oh, maybe it's kind of shallow.
Yeah, could be.
I don't know.
I'm kind of I'm heading to Nemo era or closure era.
Yeah.
Anything before we we do that?
Well, I know.
I think about the military days that we miss.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I've never got to go on this version of it.
No, they were.
They were painted yellow in 86, which is Jason said is the word
becomes research subs.
And that's what I knew.
That's right.
First Disneyland visit.
So they which I've always I like the yellow.
I think it's friendly and nice.
I like seeing them go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The names, the names change and when it reopened in 87.
Mm hmm.
The original names are a very.
Military focus, not a sea wolf, skate, skipjack, Triton.
Like skipjack.
Skipjack is cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a syndicated show.
I would watch seven seasons of and then the last three are all revolutionary
war figures, George Washington, Patrick Henry, Ethan Allen.
Oh, Ethan Allen sub.
Not you.
Don't get confused.
Not Byron Allen.
Oh, sorry.
I do get you're thinking.
I love Ethan Allen's comics unleashed.
I was thinking of that.
Yeah.
So then they switch to Nautilus Neptune.
Nautilus is the same Nautilus Neptune, Seasar, Explorer, Seeker,
Argonaut, Triton, Sea Wolf.
And it was written on the subs, these names somewhere.
Could we have any confirmation of that?
Think anyone know these must be right.
I would think so, because then, like, you know, we've talked about many times
on the show how exciting it was to get certain cars on dark rides.
You get different dwarves and the seven.
Oh, I'm Seastar or nothing.
Yeah.
You know what?
I won't even go on.
Unless it's Seastar.
We're getting Ethan Allen today.
Yeah.
Oh, skipjack.
Oh, we don't skipjack.
Oh, skipjack got full.
Oh, we get the next.
Yeah.
Like we are all children who would have like.
Yeah.
Patrick Henry.
Hooray.
Hello, Henry.
Submarine.
I know him from my studies.
Argonaut again.
But I yeah, I don't I don't see much discussion about the different names
when people are recounting.
That being said, I also don't see a ton of discussion about the subs in general.
I feel like the subs and maybe getting ahead of myself again.
The subs discourse is just once in a while when someone threatens to take it away.
That's when somebody goes, hey, wait, no, no, no, no, no.
We need them.
Versus like there's
there's rides that people are constantly talking about that have been there for 50 years.
Sure.
Yeah.
I think it's just that you go back into Walt era.
I think if it's a Walt thing.
And I think this was like a primary memory for a lot of people.
Imagine go back to pre pirates of the Caribbean, pre haunted mansion Disneyland.
If you're doing that, then this is one of the best things to do.
You're you're locked in on this.
Yeah.
And it feels sure.
Yes, it feels special, especially the subs.
I would even say the subs more than Autopia,
just because you've been in a car at that point, probably.
Obviously, you're going to drive the car, which is.
Yeah, I think there I think there's more of that.
I think there's more love of my first drive on Utopia.
Utah, Utopia, Utopia, Utopia.
Yeah, I guess, I guess.
But it just for as a kid, I just remember this blowing my mind a little bit more,
even though I liked Utopia and or the speedway.
This definitely felt like kind of a crazy thing you got to do.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, you were a big James Mason kid.
You love that Peter Rennet day sound I like.
You were you never not look, I knew who he was,
but you were the James Mason boy.
There's no question.
Yeah, no question.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, let's talk about the subs disappearance when it when it went away.
I think it was rumored for a long time.
And people this is a very like online upset thing.
You know, it's it's like it's a cheapening out era.
The Paul Pressler era era we're losing.
If you don't know, he's like he was a controversial president of the Disneyland
Resort.
It was like cutting what a lot of people felt were basics and fundamentals.
Yes.
Eventually, he says, you know, this thing's getting a little outdated.
I think we are looking at what else to do there.
And it closes.
It closes in September 98, right after New Tomorrowland opened.
Yeah.
So like tomorrow lands back and refreshed and better than ever.
And now that body of water over there.
No, that's a that's going to be a graveyard for a while.
Don't worry about that.
Don't ask questions about that.
Something was in the air, I guess, because remember, right at the turn of the millennium,
they're like, all right, and that's it for horizons.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Looking right.
Well, I think if if anything needed some serious love, if anything needed some
some love and care, they decided instead to blow it up and do something else.
This taking the subs away was not the audience wasn't happy.
The Imagineers weren't happy.
I found some some quotes.
The great Tony Baxter told on the day when it closed, he told Paul Pressler,
this is one of the worst days of my life.
It's a pretty good life if you're the submarines going away.
Yeah, it's a little dramatic, I suppose.
Tony, don't worry.
It's going to get worse.
They're going to close more shit.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, no kidding.
Yeah, which you see what happens to Figment.
Marty Sklar said if they close the subs,
if we close the subs without a replacement ready,
I will lie in the middle of Harbor Boulevard.
That is something he said.
And then it happened.
It totally happened.
He didn't follow through.
And that's good.
Lived a lived a good life for that.
Getting crushed by a car.
Not to say that they didn't try
because there was an era in which all hopes were on a little movie,
a little movie that we hope will be the movie that could.
Yeah, it's a movie called Atlantis,
sub called The Lost Empire?
Question mark.
Does that sound right?
I've never seen it.
Atlantis, the lost empire.
Atlantis, the lost empire.
This is maybe the way to get life into that lagoon again.
And I'd only heard that rumor.
I hadn't heard more.
I looked into is there more?
There was more.
This would have been no mere reskin.
We aren't just throwing the beloved characters down there.
You don't just pass by Milo's thatch
or Commander Lyle Tiberius Rourke.
There's more than that.
Tiberius, that was the middle name of Captain James T.
Kirk played by William Shatner.
Must have been a nod.
I think so.
Wow.
Lyle Tiberius Rourke is a reference to James Tiberius.
Kirk.
That's right.
So there's actually, there's concept art of this
that you can look at.
And it would have been like,
in addition to, you know, reskinning the submarines
and like, and refreshing them
and making it all look cooler over there,
they were gonna build a big volcano.
This was pre Disney sea.
Right.
I'm trying to remember if I took a screenshot of it or not.
But you could like,
it would have been a ride that dropped you off.
You would have actually gotten out.
Oh wait, I got it.
I mean, it looks extremely like, it's very Disney sea.
It's very like what they're doing,
the Peter Pan area that's opening scene, Fantasy Springs.
And then there was gonna be stuff to do in that volcano.
Look at this concept art.
This is a macula.
Yeah, that obviously is awesome.
Yeah, it's really cool.
And then Monorail is, still runs through it.
It runs through the volcano.
Yeah.
Looks really neat.
Here's something I didn't know.
Not only did that concept art get drawn up,
they were trying, the Imagineers desperate to do this,
really wanting to do it,
actually put a tarp over the submarine area.
You sound this?
Yeah, it's so good.
This is crazy.
Almost as if to like broadcast,
it was like a hostage message.
Like, can we blink and let the people on the outside know
we're sure we're okay in here?
They put up a sign without asking management
that says Atlantis expedition,
Imagineering preparation, something or other.
The hubris there, I suppose.
That's like, hey, pretty punk you gotta say, right?
You do have to say that.
They just did it, didn't ask permission.
Tony Baxter, who I assume thinks the Beatles
are too rock and roll.
Definitely a punk move on his part.
He listens to exclusively Sherman Brothers.
I would think so.
I would think he's a James Mason kid.
He was not a Ringo Starr kid.
Too wild.
Atlantis, it did, I guess, kind of make its money back.
Wasn't a total bomb.
Have you seen it?
No, I've never seen it.
I was like, oh, I should find that on,
assume it's on Disney+.
Some of the movies it opened against around that time,
Shrek, Lara Croft, Tomb Raider, Dr.
Doolittle 2,
and The Fast and the Furious.
So stiff competition that summer.
All of those battles, I think.
This from the sound of it.
I think so.
These are all big hits.
And think about all the movies that didn't do well
that would have given us cool shit like that.
Like all these movies that you're like,
ha ha, Atlantis or whatever.
And like, I haven't seen it.
I don't know, maybe it's a good one.
But all these different movies
that if it actually had been a massive hit,
we would be in better shape parts-wise.
As we talk about Tomorrowland
and the Tomorrowland curse and the Tomorrowland problem,
hopes keep getting pinned on movies
that don't end up doing great.
And one of those obviously being Tomorrowland in general.
It is too bad that the futuristic properties
keep not working out.
And it's just the fact that all we got at this point
is Tron and that the Tron movies technically do well.
Even enough that they're making,
they're making Tren,
which I'm ripping off from many people online.
There was a director's chair of Tron 3
styled as TR3N, which just looks like Tren.
So Tren's happening.
Leto, Gillian Anderson.
Never miss Leto, I call him.
No matter what you put him in.
No matter what Disney property you put him in,
guaranteed box office gold.
Mama Mia, I'm in the game, Greg.
Yeah, that's right.
I hope he does his Versace voice.
Versace or his WeWork voice?
Oh yeah.
Master of voices.
Like, Tex Avery is back.
Like, Bud gets the ride.
Yeah, same thing.
Maybe he'll do a Ringo voice.
So yes, Tron is the only, technically successful.
I'm like, how many Trons are we gonna get?
Though again, I think I'm in the top tier of Tron fans
and I don't care for the movies.
Yeah, I guess it can't be upset
that they're trying to do more.
But if it leads to more, yeah, I don't,
the odds are low that I'll be seeing Tren.
Yeah.
I think they should do Tomorrowland,
Two-morrowland with a two.
Two and then, yeah, no T on the Tomorrowland.
And then it'll catch up this time.
Like, the cult will have.
I will, we've said it before.
I know, real quick.
Nothing was kind of more exciting than the idea of like,
Brad Bird is doing a movie called Tomorrowland
about the Disneyland Tomorrowland.
I was like, holy shit, whoa.
Those are the days when you didn't know
that wasn't gonna work out,
when you could just go to the park whenever you wanted.
None of these ticket reservations,
none of this nonsense.
You never know how good you have it
at a certain moment in your life.
Probably for some of that,
we had a real president, George W.
Bush.
Okay, I assume Obama was in the White House
at this point.
For some of it, yeah.
For some of it, but.
Well, I don't like to talk about that.
I hear you.
I miss those.
Sure, sure, the good old days, as they call them.
But yeah, no, I was just like, oh my God,
the idea of it, the concept of that,
and then the idea that, well,
once this thing takes over the box office,
now we're getting.
Matter of time, anything he does is a hit.
Slam dunk.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wonder what that Star Wars would have been like too,
because he was gonna do one.
He was gonna do.
At first Star Wars?
He was in there pre-JJ, yeah.
Well, and George, look, George was working on it
before he sold to Disney.
What would have George's pure vision,
I mean, he was gonna do the,
George was gonna direct the first one.
That was the whole plan,
is George was gonna direct seven and then sell to Disney.
But that would have been the Wills.
Yes.
Yeah.
I explained the Wills from scratch
to what George Lucas's vision of episode seven
was gonna be.
I explained the Wills from scratch to Aaron
as best I could.
Oh no, she was delighted.
And by that, I mean, it's gonna be about the Wills,
but the little, the forces right up with the Wills.
Just the glaze over.
And Wills.
I think her head just hit the table
to take her to the hospital.
Wills are not mitochondria.
Midichlorians.
Midichlorians.
Well, they're not that either.
They're not that either.
No, they're not, neither of the things we just said, yes.
We'll get into everything that the Wills are not.
Yeah, so yeah, that would have been the Wills,
but yeah, there's the different timelines for what happens.
A very interesting to speculate on.
Yep.
But I think we're,
I think whatever we're in right now
is just the worst timeline for everything.
For all things.
Everything, all things, yes.
We need the Wills.
We do need the Wills.
The Wills can save us.
We do need the Wills.
Maybe they'll go back now.
George, we were wrong.
Please make the Wills movie.
80-year-old George.
Stars episode seven, the great Wills adventure.
I shouldn't say 80-year-old George.
Scorsese is just firing on all cylinders still.
You got Ridley Scott shooting three movies a year.
George, come on.
Come out of retirement.
Let's see those Wills.
I just wanna know what one looks like.
Are they cute?
Are the Wills cute?
Look, very good chance the Wills were bad and boring,
but we would be doing so much Wills content.
We would be laughing and laughing about the Wills.
And we're talking about the Wills now.
It would have brightened up all of our lives
if we knew what the Wills looked like
and we could see them realized on screen.
Same movie, Han Solo gets all,
Kylo kills Han Solo, or maybe he doesn't,
all right, he pushes him,
he's falling off the edge, he starts falling,
but then a bunch of Wills all get together and,
let's go Wills.
It's like when the,
Swans.
And they lift him back up and then he clocks his son
in the face and Kylo's dead and that's the end of seven.
Thank you, Wills.
It's like when the big minion hand,
all the minions make like a hand to save you.
Yeah, the M&M's minis.
The Wills are like,
they all form, I, oh, I'm liking these Wills now.
George, come on.
Come out of retirement.
Buy it back, George.
And publish a book of all those TV episodes.
George, we want your green screen background
only Wills movie that you only wanted to shoot
for four hours a day.
We want you not directing actors.
We want you not looking actors in the eye.
Give us the magic.
Bring the magic back, George, with the Wills.
Okay, well, speaking of bringing the magic back,
for close to a decade, the lagoon sat dormant, unused.
Yeah.
Imagineers all livid, embarrassed to go to work each day.
Also, that happened in Florida.
Yeah.
They closed 20,000 leagues
and then it was just scenery for a while
and then they used some of it to build a fucking playground
called Pooh's Playful Spot, which get out of here.
Come on.
You're upset by that.
You hate Pooh's Playful Spot.
I hate Pooh's Playful Spot
because my family loved 20,000 leagues under the sea.
Oh, okay.
Pooh shows up with a dagger
and he takes it to Mr.
Toad.
We talked about that recently.
Right, yeah.
And then he takes it 20,000 leagues.
He shivs Kirk Douglas.
He slit Mr.
Toad's throat.
He disemboweled Badger
and then he just ripped Kirk Douglas's nuts off.
That's what Pooh, the nice guy Pooh, is up to.
Who's next?
Pooh's next.
Oh, blood and honey is right.
Is that one of the blood and honey taglines?
Pooh's next.
Pooh's next.
Pooh's next.
That's pretty good.
The sequel could be.
Yeah.
But hey, there's hope on the horizon.
A movie about the ocean does well, does extremely well.
Finding Nemo becomes clearly the way to revive this thing.
Same with the sea cabs and the living seas.
And we get these, both of those attractions
that have these new, these sophisticated
underwater projection techniques.
The Finding Nemo era also fixes another submarine problem.
All of the chlorine and all of the heat and sunlight
would drench the, like get rid of the paint, essentially,
on anything that was color.
Any colorful coral reef would just get zapped
in the submarine lagoon.
So they had to, but the Finding Nemo is very colorful.
We gotta do something different there.
So they developed a new technique.
They used painted glass.
It's all, it's micro glass.
It's cool sounding.
It looks really, it looks fantastic.
There's scenes of this that are wonderful.
Doesn't also, really doesn't sound like a good thing
health-wise either, but they're not making
alive women swim in there anymore.
Yeah.
So maybe it's okay.
Right.
I'll say a lot of nice things about Nemo era.
I think great art direction.
I think just like pure, like the craft
of these big set pieces.
Yeah.
I think that screen blending is wonderful.
Lasseter and Baxter worked together.
They teamed up on this one.
This seemed like a passion project for both.
This was in that pre, before Lasseter goes away.
Yeah.
And he's Mr.
Parks now.
And he was good about like firing up.
Why is the subs nothing?
Why is Summit of California Adventure nothing?
So he wrapped his arms around this attraction
and hugged it until it got much better.
There's a timeline where this motherfucker
didn't hug everybody.
You hug and then he's-
Yeah, he's in charge of the company.
Where his good ideas keep getting.
Yeah, yeah.
And his character Luck or whatever is now a big Disney hit.
Yes.
Yeah.
What a work for them.
Well, we've all watched Luck.
We have to admit we've all loved Luck.
Is that Trump?
Folks, we love Luck very unfair.
We've all watched Luck on whatever streaming service
it's on exactly.
I have no idea.
I believe Luck will come up in one of these debates.
One of these Biden Trump debates.
Scott's talking about something.
If it's in his head, it will be said.
They added 30% more show building.
So it's like, because knowing that like
the underwater scenes are gonna be so much more
of a part of it, we want it to be dark.
We want it to be controlled, controllable down there.
So they made the show building longer.
Big plus ups, good improvements.
Yeah, they did.
I mean, they did a great job within the confines
or like restrictions of the original.
Yeah.
Because like we've talked about before
in Tokyo Disney Sea, they have a much superior sub.
The ride system is better.
Even though you don't get that like seeing,
like you don't see something go under the water
when you're waiting in line,
which again is I think the magic trick of it.
Still the experience of being in the 20,000 leagues ride
in Tokyo Disney Sea is so much cooler and better.
Well, it's a good lead in too,
cause you're in that big lagoon inside the volcano,
kind of like what didn't get built here.
And there is a Nautilus that like helps you,
that steps you closer to the illusion.
And they, so yeah, they did a great job.
I don't think they had an unlimited budget for it,
but a lot of it, it definitely, when I went on it,
the one or two times I've done it,
it felt, oh, it's refreshed and that's cool.
It's the best version of a refreshed submarine ride.
The subs got to come back with a property
that was relevant to people, is still relevant to people.
I love finding Nemo.
Compliments, compliments.
Now, let's get rid of it.
We're done, right?
That's a great run.
That's a fantastic run.
For two, you know, it had from, we were down for a decade,
but it's been there since 59.
Nemo subs got a great, all right,
we all got to do submarines again.
Have we all done it again?
Great, let's do something else.
These are parts of it.
It's still the same 59 subs.
That's pretty crazy.
Yeah, Marty Sklar had experts come in
when they were thinking about totally scrapping it,
and they said, like, the experts said,
these vehicles have 40 to 50 more years of lifespan in them.
Wow, that's amazing.
They built them right.
And that's great.
It's gonna make it harder to blow them up
when we destroy this ride.
We will cry tears for each.
I will cry eight single tears in a row
when we hear, dun, dun, dun,
and the submarines are blown up,
and we do something else.
I don't mean to rush us through it.
I'm just like, I can't even pretend for a long time
that I.
It's just, it's past its time.
I understand why.
It's a great run of time.
It's incredible.
Universal's closed great rides
that were half the time, less than this.
I understand why the certain Imagineers,
especially the ones that grew up with it,
I understand why they're so nostalgic for it.
I understand that.
But now that different newer rides exist,
and you have so many crazy experiences at theme parks,
there's just, you can't look at it the same way anymore,
especially when you go to 20,000 Leagues and Disney Sea.
It's not the same experience anymore.
You're looking through a tiny little window,
and you go, oh, I see something there.
That's good.
It's fine.
It's fine.
But it's not worth the real estate.
I also.
Yeah, and it's also like,
this neck of the woods is an environmental disaster.
In the past, it was tomorrow,
like submarines, automobiles constantly iterating
and improving.
That's what we're saying.
Now it's like gas pollution, water sucking up.
This is not, it's a dystopian corner.
I agree with what you're saying.
That being said, if it was a perfect clean energy thing
and everything was like, there's no emissions or anything,
I don't care.
It's gone too.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Yeah, I want it gone.
No, it's gone.
That's great.
I love that we have justification for it
from an environmental perspective.
This helps.
so we can only use environment to justify getting rid of it.
Doesn't matter.
Real estate, tomorrow.
I also, just to that Nemo thing,
and I do think like artistically,
I think visually that ride is fantastic,
and I have enjoyed it when I've gone on it,
but I don't like this thing of like, Nemo's lost again.
I think that is one of the weakest stories.
He's lost again, and then he does all the same things
he did in the movie.
And I feel like the Imagineers,
like Baxter's usually critical of like,
what's that term?
Yes, this is like, oh, we can't do a book report ride.
Well, can we do all the same things
and just slap a two on it, now that's fine.
Sure.
Crazy.
I don't like that.
Wouldn't they remember to not go into a whale
or stay away from the jellyfish?
Why would they do it all,
well, I guess Dory loses her memory,
but the other character, all right, she I forgive.
Everybody else, how could you do it all again?
Yeah, no, I agree.
And that happens a lot, and that happens with movies
where you're like, they're doing this again
in the same way.
And it's, I don't know if it's,
I mean, Little Mermaid is still like the best example to me
of like the dark ride phenomenon.
You're just in the movie.
You're doing the movie,
and you're like, the ride system's not very interesting,
and it's not a bad ride by any means,
but it's like, there's something about it
that feels a little bit, I don't know, rote,
what is the word, a little, I guess so.
That's one of those things that I see,
you'll probably have too, you go on it with kids,
and you're like, who cares,
I'm not thinking about rotes anymore.
But it's exciting, the Tiana ride that's coming,
it's after the movie, it's a new thing.
That is a sequel, yeah, yeah.
That'll be good, that's great, yeah.
And this is, but just technically barely,
I don't dig it.
And it's like a band-aid over a cracked porthole,
window in a suburb, and they,
it's a lot of the same beat when they're like,
the seas, it's not enough, the research,
put Nemo in there.
You get in the shells, and then you kind of see some beats
from the Nemo movie, and then you're at the exhibits.
I don't like either, I think they've,
in a lot of ways, they've done Nemo,
a great movie, and a great property,
with the Park Stream, except for Crush.
I just did Turtle Talk with Crush for the first,
not the first time, but the first time in a very long time,
and with a kid, wonderful, great.
Crush is great.
Crush's coaster seems really good.
So there's been good Nemo things.
But this one, I don't know, I just think,
I think we did it, right?
We did it, it came back, everybody's happy it came back.
we liked the mine mine goals.
Oh, yes.
The goals.
Oh yeah.
The sea goals.
Hank, the octopus, I think they call him a septopus,
because he's missing a tentacle.
From the new one?
From the new one.
Oh yeah, he's been hanging out.
I think Finding Nemo is very visually stunning,
but I think Finding Dory is a more engaging movie,
because it's just a prison escape movie,
and I think I just like that better.
I've never seen a whole it's room,
my kid doesn't care for it, so I don't know.
Oh, okay.
I don't know.
I mean, it's not really, but I don't know.
It's gotta live in other places, I think.
Guys, what do we do?
What do we do with this land?
All right, let's pretend it happened.
It's gone.
It's all gone.
Our monorail loops, our endless loops,
that happens over there,
Autopia dead people mover tracks, it's gone.
Who knows if this will happen in reality,
but let's say that day has come.
What do we do?
Well, it's gonna be the rise of trend.
You know, you get trend in there.
You get the Tron roller coaster.
Trend light, lethrite, site, cycles.
Yeah.
It's a little bit of a throw ride,
because you film a new pre-show video
with Jared Leto, and everyone's like,
I feel oogie.
Like I gotta get on this coaster
to shake off the ooginess.
Yeah, that's the practical.
That's probably the most likely scenario.
You're thinking from a businessman perspective, as usual.
Well, you know me, I'm a capitalist.
Through and through.
I know, you said it all the time.
Well, let's talk that out if it's Tron.
I mean, that feels like the only way Tron's going in,
I think, is there.
I still, all right, I did some like overhead.
I got some Google Maps out,
and I was like dropping some attractions into spaces.
There's room for a lot.
I think you could do Tron,
but I think it is a little awkward space-wise.
I mean, I'll get into it.
All right, let's talk about
what are maybe the viable candidates for it.
Tron definitely won.
It's next to Tomorrowland, so it could be that.
Let's invoke Awa, let's talk Avatar.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is there any possibility
that you end up with something Avatar over here?
Yeah, there's a possibility.
I mean, at this moment in the company,
it feels like it would just be a Flight of Passage clone.
That's the most likely thing.
I did an overhead of Pandora,
and I think you could fit Pandora.
I think existing.
You mean the full land.
Yeah, I think so.
Maybe you gotta cut or move Satuli Canteen.
You can't do the literal Galaxy's Edge
where it's the exact same footprint land-wise.
You gotta maybe tuck some things in,
but I think there's some cool way to,
because this is the border of Fantasyland and Tomorrowland,
and Avatar is futuristic, but it's also fantasy,
and I think there's some way to,
it's the natural beauty that comes out of,
I think it would blend with Matterhorn well,
but then I think you could maybe keep it going,
and there's some Pandora base, something takeover
to the Inventions building too.
Well, I was gonna say that you could transition
from Tomorrowland, it's like, oh, it's a space,
it's a spaceport hub, and then there's some sort
of transition to the greenery of Pandora
that kind of can, like the transition would blend.
We're going with way of water here,
and we're using some of what they got.
Oh yeah, yeah, sure.
You could also not do river adventure,
which would make the show building a little smaller,
which I don't know exactly where that happens.
I'm not saying you have to, I'm just saying.
It's like under it though, isn't it?
I think maybe it would actually be.
I guess you're right, I guess,
because there's in the same building.
It's not a hurt, I could be wrong.
No, it is for sure,
because that's the whole thing with the fire alarm.
If somebody pulls a fire alarm on one of the rides,
they both have to shut down.
So maybe if they're copy pasting,
and I say that very, for about a billion dollar thing,
it is the same plans or whatever,
but I think it makes sense to still do a river journey.
Look at my map here, I think it fits.
Yeah, it does.
It kind of fits perfectly.
And you're not, and you got,
it's a tough neck of the woods,
because you got Harbor Boulevard right there,
and you also got train.
Train's not moving, there's nowhere for train to go.
And you've got to keep some monorail.
I don't think, I think that the endless loops
when you come back into the park, I think has to be gone.
But I don't think they're gonna move the monorail station.
But I think that fits in some Pandora, that's okay.
I mean, I wouldn't be mad at that.
I'm not sure if it's confirmed that's on top of Autopia,
the Lagoon, and the interventions.
In this version does not quite go to interventions.
I think there's some way that it could,
and I think you got to deal with Satuli,
you got to put it somewhere.
So you could extend that out.
I'll try to post these vague bad Photoshop's.
But Small World's fine.
We're taking over like where Motorboat Cruise
has not been for a long time.
Just all of that, it's all gone.
You clear it all out and we get Pandora.
I would be thrilled if they were going to do that, yes.
And yeah, I think when you look at that Google Maps,
it's like it's so much bigger than you even imagine it is.
It's like a quarter of a part,
not literally, but like getting there.
Yeah, I'm sure there are ways,
I don't know if somebody could explain that,
oh, they need to make part of this smaller
just from the configuration of this land.
But I'm sure they could do some things to make it smaller
because Pandora is not that big of a land.
No, it's pretty compact.
And I almost like, there's pluses and minuses
about it being smaller.
Because I think it is cool that it's like feel like,
you don't have to do like the hallelujah mountains,
which I think would be maybe harder
if there was like a galaxy's edge sized hallelujah mountains.
Although maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe like it would look even more amazing that way.
But I kind of think that like it's consistent so small,
it really feels impressive to look up
and see these mountains floating.
Yeah, oh, sure.
But there's gotta be a way to even shrink it a little more
and find little spots to sneak it into that land.
I bet there's a way.
I don't think you could just literally
take the same footprint,
but I think there's something you could do.
Or demolish all of it, put up a big building,
and you walk through a place
where you just see the trees from Pandora.
It's an experience, it's not a ride.
Sounds good, yeah, yeah.
Or you know what, leave everything as is.
In inventions building, they just put some like acrons,
some static acrons in there.
Get some static acrons, you build the gift shop.
Oh, gift shop too.
Oh, great, all right.
Do a gift shop.
If we can buy our things, then we're all set.
Who needs a wreck?
But yeah, that is a good idea, very good idea.
People have speculated in those Disneyland Forward
pictures that part of one of the things looks like Pandora.
And that's maybe one of the only,
it all depends on are we getting Disneyland Forward,
and to refresh any listener's memory,
that's kind of any space over by the hotels
that is not currently a parking lot,
they want to turn into theme park.
Including parking lots though too.
Some, I think.
Yes, yeah.
Because you can, this is a theme park trick.
Oh wait, I meant that is a parking lot.
I think it's not a hotel is what I meant to say.
Yes.
Flat parking lots take up a lot of room,
but I think that's what they're doing with Epic Universe.
They're building a flat parking lot, and as time goes on,
they'll close it and build a garage.
So that the space goes up.
Stack it up.
Not a wreck it up.
So yes, of realistic things to do,
that is probably the top coolest idea I think.
Having the most, if we've got the space
over in Disneyland Forward area, maybe you wait for that.
So we get like a lot of Pandora.
I mean, a lot of the things on the short list could be,
but what if it doesn't happen?
And what if this could happen sooner?
That would be amazing.
I mean, I've heard like Matterhorn's gonna have to be rebuilt
in the next couple of decades because it's falling apart.
Really?
There's a frozen land that's open or is opening soon,
or is it open?
Wait.
It is open.
It is in Hong Kong.
I have an overhead of that as well, and it fits as well.
Yeah, because that's the other rumor that's been happening.
Have you seen pictures?
Yes.
Or video or anything.
Now that I ask if it's open,
I've watched a ride through the ride and go,
oh, it's the same Matterhorn, or Matterhorn, Jesus,
it's the same Maelstrom layout, the frozen ride.
A little changes, and I think aesthetically better,
those robots are better.
Oh, of course, yeah, yeah.
It seems, I think good little plus ups.
Yeah, and the town looks cool.
And I think, here's partially why I would vote for,
maybe my border preference is Pandora, then Frozen,
over Tron, because we did Tron, I like Tron.
You do end up with, it'd be a shame to use a lot of that,
too much of that land for just one giant show building,
and that's what it becomes.
Because I think what I do like about Submarine Lagoon
is the lagoon itself.
I like that there's some nature there, fake nature.
You got a body of water, and the land itself in Hong Kong,
the world of Frozen, I think looks fantastic.
Just the lake and the harbor, and regardless of those rides,
one of which is a roller coaster that's so short
that if you watch a ride through of it,
you laugh at the end.
Like, truly, it ends, and you're like, you're kidding.
I think it's 50 seconds.
Is that shorter than Gadget's go coaster?
I think so, close.
So it's not like I'm dying to get the same wandering Okans,
or even the slays or whatever.
Frozen Arachne's fine, but I think aesthetically,
and of course that blends with Matterhorn really well,
it blends with Fantasyland really well.
I think that's a great option over there.
Well, here's a dark horse candidate.
Japan is closing their space mountain, rebuilding it.
Well, that would be received, people like that.
And then we start in America, start going like,
maybe we should demolish and rebuild some space mountains.
Ooh, okay, well, if we're dealing with Tomorrowland problem,
this is a very interesting notion that maybe,
is there some way to rebuild the whole complex,
you get a new space mountain and Tron,
you make it such that those all do work together,
maybe you gotta blow up Buzz Lightyear to make it all fit.
Sorry, Buzz, whoops, whatever.
I think that's-
This is a larger fixing Tomorrowland thing
we've talked about.
We have, can I talk about my idea for a future episode
about this very topic?
Sure, tease it.
We could cut it out if we don't wanna do it.
I think we should do an episode where each of us
get a different prompt for fixing Tomorrowland.
One of us gets the open checkbook blue sky version
where you get to do whatever you want
with an unlimited budget.
The next, this will all be probably at random,
and the next person gets to do it
in a very businessman-minded way,
the Disneyland today.
What would they do?
Yes.
What would they do
with a decent good budget,
which is probably, yes, Frozen or Pandora,
but obviously you can think of fun, creative ways to do it.
And then we're including all of this and we can,
if budget allows, the eyes will be on the realism of that one,
but can we do some stuff to Pizza Port
and the theater and all that crap?
Right, so you'll get a healthy budget, I'll say,
to do cool stuff, and you could demolish things,
and you can build things,
but it won't be a crazy dream scenario.
And then the third person will get fixed Tomorrowland
on a budget, which means that you get
a very small amount of money.
You can not demolish things,
but you can plus things up here and there in ways.
You can change music, you can change lighting,
you can serve different food at Pizza Port, maybe,
or whatever.
There's different things you could do
that could at least dress it up,
and you're gonna have to do your best
with a low amount of money to fix.
That's gonna be a bitter pill to swallow, I think,
which one of us gets that,
whichever one of us draws that straw,
but maybe it's where the ultimate reward lies.
Perhaps that's right.
As the most true challenge.
And then I guess we'll have the listeners vote
on who's Tomorrowland you want.
Aren't they gonna vote for the ultimate one?
You would think so.
In what world is the cheap one,
even the best version of the cheap one?
This is just an example, and I don't wanna,
say Jason says, all right, here's what we're doing.
We're demolishing all of Tomorrowland,
and we're gonna build a museum
that honors famous actor James Mason.
Now that's an unlimited budget.
He describes an amazing James Mason museum
now that's coming to Tomorrowland.
We see all these different movies,
sort of rope animatronics of different James Mason movies.
Yeah, like a half-hour symposium every hour
where it's like, well, you know,
the history of Lolita is very complicated.
But Nabokov's way with the English language,
even though he was a native Russian speaker.
Of course.
Well, you need to look at his work,
Pale Fire, to really get his way.
Right, and Space Mountain is now Space Mason,
and he's here going through sort of a space adventure
while he narrates it.
And this is a very expensive redo,
and you say, well, what does this have to do with Tomorrowland?
And Jason says it doesn't.
So there is a scenario where then the listener goes,
well, I don't know if I necessarily want that version.
In The Masons, where you discover innovative new ways
that we'll be watching James Mason's films in the future.
And by the future, I mean 28 years ago.
Exactly.
So I'm saying there's a versions where the audience
maybe doesn't like the unlimited budget,
Tomorrowland, depending on who draws that straw.
Maybe you fly too close to the sun.
So we'll see.
If the ultimate version involves a lot of free drugs
and pornographic acts, I picture a Tomorrowland
that's a modern day Sodom.
Well, let the demerats have their way.
Well, I'm glad you've teased that.
I mean, yeah, I think we're heading for that.
That's where this Tomorrowland stuff will ultimately go.
Well, look, maybe I should save this for that,
but let me get this notion out there.
Sure, go for it.
Here's my other, because I'm resistant to,
I'm interested in Tron, but I don't know
if I just want Tron light cycle run plopped there,
show building, we lose nature, whatever.
Maybe there's a way to fit two things in there,
I'm not sure, but here's, maybe if I'm getting all greedy,
here's what I think it is, that I think you could do
World of Frozen in a smaller way,
and then maybe it's not full, okay, I liked Tron,
I liked light cycle run.
Is it the show building that I care,
is it what happens in the show building that I liked a lot?
Not necessarily, I think I like that track,
I think I like that ride vehicle,
I think I like the aesthetic.
Isn't there some way that you could do a new Tron thing
designed for Tomorrowland that uses some of where
the people mover and rocket rods used to go?
That uses some new space, it's like mini show buildings,
something to get you that kinetic energy,
let's all say it together, that has been lost
for so long in this land.
The light cycles become the new people mover rocket rods,
and it's like this deconstructed version of it,
and that's our future transportation.
Maybe you could take over some backstage area,
maybe it goes around Space Mountain,
maybe there's some wild new way to do the light cycle.
Oh yeah, I mean what you're describing
is the perfect way to do it,
but you're veering into unlimited money prompt.
Sure, so I gotta put that in the, yeah.
It's just on the line of it.
Just on the line, Tron, ride it out.
We gotta see what happens to Tron.
Because yeah, they just plopped Tron down
from Shanghai into Orlando, which I guess it works fine
because they have a lot of room there,
but it's like Space Mountain's next to Tron,
it's still kind of weird to me a little bit.
It's not that bad.
Just Tron is such a huge building.
I like that, aesthetically I like that building so much.
Yeah, I do too.
But yeah, what you're describing
is the ultimate awesome version of it,
which will, I think you need a full demolition though
in this scenario.
Of everything still.
Of everything, I think.
I think absolutely, because I think
because they can open up the people mover track again
because of the OSHA codes.
Well, it's not using that track.
I think it's some weird tubes
that go around all of it.
I still think you gotta demolish everything.
I think I don't think, unless you build stuff
on top of the buildings maybe.
That's what I'm thinking.
This is a twisted colossus.
Maybe.
Yeah, I don't know Anaheim codes
of how high stuff can go.
I don't think we're breaking any codes.
We're not getting higher than Guardians, Tower of Terror.
Well, I think Tower of Terror,
they had to go just under it
and put the blinking, maybe some blinking red lights on top.
No, we don't need no lights.
Well, that's in Florida.
It's just under it.
We're staying low and lean.
Yeah, no, it's the coolest idea for the Tron ride,
especially going in and out of stuff.
Because we haven't done Tron episode yet,
but Tron is very simple to me.
The ride is very simple and it does a couple things cool
and I like it, but the idea of going in and out of things
and into the grid and out of the grid
and seeing Disneyland and then back into the grid.
Is that not the Tomorrowland spirit?
Is that not what the whole area needs?
That is very exciting, that idea.
So, yeah.
Did I, have I told that story where I won a drink ticket
at like a Disney themed cabaret show?
There used to be this cabaret space called Rockwell in LA
and they were like, it was a bunch of,
Jane knew some people doing it
and they were doing a lot of Disney songs and stuff
and the host was like, okay, does anyone know
why there's a song and so about Terra Terra in Florida?
And I was like, it's one fleet lower
than the FAA regulations.
They didn't wanna put blinking red lights on it,
so they built it slightly lower.
And he went, why do you know that?
And I was like, I used to podcast about team.
Wow.
Well, you got it out.
Yes, congratulations.
Did you get a round of applause?
Yes, I got a confused like round of applause
to get that well gin and tonic ticket.
That was sick.
Nice.
You could have, did it say does not apply to higher shelf?
No bee feeders, no tango ready.
Anything above that blinking red light, you cannot have.
Yes, no, the well does not have a blinking red light.
The new Amsterdam or whatever, you know, is fine.
Well, I think these are all interesting things
to think about.
It's mainly interesting to think about
a demolition team coming and destroying
this leaking lagoon.
We should have.
Which had a good run, it did.
We said what was good about it.
I'm not taking this away from Baxter or any of them.
It was a good attraction.
Good job, everyone.
Now step aside gracefully so we can get some new cool stuff.
So we can go honor AWA or Tren or whatever,
or Okan or whatever it is.
Yes, like Pyocon destroying those boats,
the whales are starting to destroy boats on earth.
Exactly.
And it is time for the whale brand bulldozers to come in.
Yeah, flop on it, yank all the pieces away
with the taut metal cables.
I'm sorry, but that is our ruling.
Do you agree with us?
Let us know in comments.
But I don't think we're too far off
from what people are saying because I did do a poll
right after Astro Orbiter.
I think it occurred to us mid-episode.
I asked the question, what's the worst ride
in Disneyland proper?
Astro Orbiter did not win that poll.
Autopia won that poll, second place finding Nemo subs.
Then people wanted canoes in the poll.
Wow, that's ridiculous.
I put it in the poll and I said,
canoes, all caps, not this, wrong, and it lost, thank God.
I put Storybookland in because people said that
in the comments and then people said,
why is that in the poll?
I don't know, because a lot of people said it.
I'm not saying, I would never, Storybookland,
I would never put that in the poll.
Never, not me either.
Charming, nice, great.
But the two possible worst rides on top of each other,
sorry, I think it's time.
I think it's time.
Well with that, official ruling, say what you think,
but that is, we have ruled and no one can actually disagree.
No.
We will be the final judge of quality.
Thanks for listening.
We're making our way through Tomorrowland.
We're doing it.
We'll fix Tomorrowland down the road.
We'll do some more history too.
Opinions on socials, merch available in our T-Public store
for three bonus episodes every month.
Check out Podcast the Ride, The Second Gate,
or get one more bonus episode on our VIP tier, Club Three,
all of that at patreon.
com slash podcast the ride.
Where we've now learned a whole new world of Leno
that is gonna have to open up.
This can be, we might end up with just like,
it's just full Leno year, I don't know.
Leno Fourth Gate.
Forever.
Dog.
This has been a Forever Dog Production.
Executive produced by Mike Carlson, Jason Sheridan,
Scott Gardner, Brett Boehm, Joe Silio, and Alex Ramsey.
For more original podcasts,
please visit foreverdogpodcasts.
com
and subscribe to our shows on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or wherever you get your podcasts.
Keep up with the latest Forever Dog news
by following us on Twitter and Instagram,
at Forever Dog Team, and liking our page on Facebook.
