Club Three.
Masked Magician, what's going on with Masked Magician here in the studio?
As we start Club Three anew in 2024, it's wild.
This has been, this was a very curious poll, I feel like.
Never a bride, always a bridesmaid?
What's the phrase I'm looking for?
Or like all that?
Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
Oh, I flipped it, okay.
Never a, ah, I'm so sick of always being a bride.
I'm so sick of all-
I don't remember if that's what you said.
Always being, always an assistant to Never the Magician?
Is that a version of it?
Does that work one-to-one?
Is that translated?
It's pretty relatable.
Close.
Well, it's relatable for sure.
I'm just trying to make sure that-
How many people have been in that scenario?
I'm just updating that for a magician.
Yeah, yeah.
What I was thinking, I mean, I had a metaphor in my head,
which is like there's been a number, at this, but look, here's what happened.
Today's topic, ironically, considering what it is, I think was kind of a populist uprising
against what was like-
which has now been in three polls, and it has not won any of them,
but it keeps coming in runner-up.
You know what this is reminding me of?
Like all these election runner-ups, I think this is kind of a Beto O'Rourke situation.
Doesn't quite have the juice.
Somehow, with apologies, I forget who suggested Masked Magician.
Yeah, it's a Beto, it's number two.
I'm trying to think who else is number two a lot.
Hillary, maybe?
I think people like me might also just be terrified in the Magician's Code of Silence.
Oh, maybe so.
Oh, that's what you're thinking.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We could all have held, people are trying to protect us, maybe.
They're pulling it back so that we don't get a swarm of angry magicians when we leave
Forever Dog Studios from the-
Yeah, Secret Society of Assassins coming for us.
And there's things coming at you, and you're like,
I don't know how these work, I can't swat them away!
There's a magic floating spinning card.
There's pigeons everywhere.
I'm getting pecked by pigeons.
Rabbits keep popping out of places that I don't expect, and they're nibbling my face
until it's bloody raw.
I feel bad, though, for the Masked Magician.
Yeah, I know.
Which, again, because I think it's a good topic, I think, but I also don't want to like-
I also, to go back to the br- I'm not married to it.
There could be another great topic, and that's what we need from you Club 3 listeners now,
just four more topics, regular topics, as-
We need four more topics as Masked Magician enters the fourth poll that it's been in,
and it will stay.
We don't have rules for this so far.
We don't have a limit.
It could be number two all year, potentially.
Should we amend the Club 3 constitution here?
Should we, should it be allowed to do this?
Because obviously we're still pretty new with Club 3,
we've said if we all agree-
Yeah, you're right.
Or do we say two-thirds?
I forget what I stated a couple months ago.
Was it two-thirds, or should we all have to have unanimous agreement when we change the
charter?
Or change the constitution of Club 3?
I mean, I could just punt it to my birthday pic.
That's thinking something an awfully long time.
Calling your birthday shot now.
That's how much you care about Masked Magician.
It's going to be your-
Well, it just fascinated me.
What's in your soul for your birthday?
I mean, I was one, stumping were kind of hard, but you know.
Yeah, well you could do that right now.
I could, you know.
Are you going to?
Well, no.
I feel like that would be against the Magician's candle.
I'm not in a canvas for the guy.
I hope he wins, but I don't know.
Well, I don't know.
I think at least for now, I think four is not crazy.
You're right, you're right.
But maybe around the fifth time, maybe we got to talk about this.
I don't know.
So listeners, it's up to you.
The Masked Magician's fate is in your hands and we need four more topics.
Or do we just, now there's kind of a challenge in like, you know,
like level flying of like an airplane.
Can we just keep it number two for a year and then it doesn't ever get it?
Oh yeah, perhaps.
That's yeah.
Do you want to use your votes just to keep a topic level?
That's funny, I guess.
It's funny for a couple thousand people.
And actually maybe just a percentage of a couple thousand.
A couple hundred.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Couple hundred, you know.
All right, those numbers are dwindling.
But anyway, none of that to distract from what came out of nowhere,
something that like I guess was lodged way, way back in my memory.
But I can't say that I was super familiar with the phrase that became the title of the episode.
This is from Bstands94.
Oh, and just a side note before I read what it is,
because this is a something that doesn't happen a lot in Club 3,
which is a Disney theme park oriented topic.
This is the first Disney theme park oriented topic since May,
which was Disneyland smoking areas.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Already when it gets picked, and you know what?
I know there's those times where like the boys need to go back to basics.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, well in Club 3, the audience picks,
and the audience does not pick Disney theme park stuff.
That's a very good point.
Very often.
Universal actually maybe more so, I would say.
Yeah, very good.
A very good point.
I can I say, well, this is a non- I shouldn't say this is a derail,
but did you see the thing that Universal is maybe going to do a cruise line?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I saw that kind of a rumor.
I'm just saying, I don't know, we got there first.
We've also, yes, but I've also heard that I've seen the chatter that the source on that is not.
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But then some I've seen other people sort of try to defend this source you're talking about.
Okay.
I don't know.
I don't know.
See what happens.
Well, they certainly are, Universal is branching out in all these interesting regional directions.
And international, Britain.
Yep.
There's a lot to talk about there.
South Korea potentially.
Space I heard, Mars is coming, Universal Mars.
Yeah, and the negatives.
How do you do that logo where it's the Earth, but how do you put that on Mars?
Do you just like tint it red?
Just tint it red, I think.
Yeah, sure.
That's a start.
Well, they can steal that idea, like they stole our Universal cruise line idea.
Motherfuckers.
We're on to you.
Anyway, what we are doing here, this is from Bstands 94.
The actual in-person protests that took place at the Magic Kingdom
trying to stop the closing of Mr.
Toad.
I believe they called them Toad-ins.
Confirmed.
Seems weird how Disney just let this happen, including them having tell Pooh to go to hell,
paraphernalia.
And that took it.
This became a movement, and I got pretty into it.
I had to wrap my head around it.
This is, I think, an interesting case of sometimes we get presented with a paragraph
that explains what the topic is.
Then you try to condense that into a poll, into a couple words, and it doesn't really sell.
I think people were kind of hypnotized by this, and here we are talking about it now.
Like Toad and that poster, the famous scene.
They were hypnotized.
The phrase Toad-in is funny also.
That really helped it.
I think Toad-in is such a funny thing.
I really just kind of had to repeat it a couple times to make sense to me.
Well, I knew about it beforehand.
Did you guys know much about it?
I knew-
Maybe a little bit.
A little bit.
I don't want to take more credit than barely.
I knew about it as like fan outrage in the early days of the consumer internet
and like early like geocities and newsgroups.
Sure.
Organizing these 20 to 50 people going to ride the ride.
Some of them in t-shirts.
Some were coordinated.
Some t-shirts were there.
It seems like it feels very, because what we're talking about happened.
Oh, wait, why don't I have the year now?
97 and 98.
Yes.
Which does, that feels like an internet era that was kind of fun to flash back to.
I have just inherent funness for the word geocities.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Just kind of, I don't know.
It just kind of like makes me imagine.
I just, I want to go to the geocity.
Yeah, I agree with that.
It's a blocky limited graphic city that has a counter of how many people have been to the city.
I'd like to be there.
Also, the excitement of the internet at the time,
I think is part of it when I like all that old internet shit.
The internet was the coolest thing I had ever heard of.
And I would go on and just waste hours every day going home.
It gave me something to do during the middle school lunch break.
It was not so evident that I didn't have a ton of friends.
Sure.
To go to that computer lab that they opened up.
Mr.
Bursler opened it up so I could go and go to Disneyland websites and then also learn about
the death of Phil Hartman and then have to go to class immediately.
That is a dark memory.
That's how you learned.
Yeah.
And then like, ding, all right, go to social studies.
And then the whole class, I'm just in a daze.
What do you mean?
Oh, wow.
Barely caught the words murder, suicide.
That's what, seventh grade for you?
Um, I don't remember.
That was probably in the same time.
Middle school.
That was May 98, I believe.
Did you do middle school six, seven, eight or seven and eight?
Or seven, eight, nine?
Some people, it's all over the place.
I did seven, eight.
It was a six, seven, eight.
You did a six, seven, eight.
Five, six, seven, eight.
What?
That's a lot of middle school.
They do those?
That's wild.
I only did two.
I did seven, eight.
Wow.
That's my middle school.
But I remember, hey, I remember when Phil Hartman died.
My mom told me in the car after picking me up from junior high.
Oh my God.
And she said, did you hear about Phil Hartman?
And I said, no, is he dead?
I didn't say it like that.
And I go, no, I probably was like, no, is he dead?
No.
How did you know?
I just, did Fardly die a couple months before?
How soon?
Yeah, like five months before.
I think that's why.
I didn't know that was possible.
So then it made anything.
So I think that's why, yeah.
I thought that.
Next you're going to tell me Mr.
Bean was assassinated.
Comedy, guys.
I was really freaked out because Fardly died.
And then that Lewis and Clark movie came out.
And I'm like, how?
He is dead.
Oh, you didn't understand?
I didn't understand.
I just shot live.
It just freaked me out.
I do remember that, the posthumous release.
He's back from the dead.
It's a zombie performance.
The audiences will not accept a zombie historical comedy.
That's too many things.
That's why they didn't like that movie.
Yeah, I know, if he'd been alive when it came out, the mega hit.
Well, things from the same dark pre-internet, not pre-internet, early internet time.
But yeah, I don't know.
That's the thing I like about all this is looking at rudimentary websites.
But before it, let's kind of weave the story here.
Because what we've been backed into, what we've been voted into here,
is for the first time at any length, talking about Mr.
Toad's wild ride.
Sometimes you forget what we haven't done and big ones we haven't done.
Mr.
Toad's wild ride is as big as it gets.
Yeah.
Haven't done it.
We're not going to do it now.
But this is, I thank you for taking Toad ins off the plate.
That's a little chunk that now we don't have to do whenever we do Mr.
Toad.
But anyway, basics, Mr.
Toad's wild ride, opening day Disneyland attraction,
based on 1949's The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr.
Toad.
Well, it's based on half of it.
An out of the gate, beloved attraction, I think.
So I thought this thing throws it all into disarray.
You think Mr.
Toad is universally beloved, and then what Disney does here.
Yeah, you got Untouchable, it felt at the time.
So you would think.
Another opening day in Disney World as well.
And yes, this is also a funny thing because I'm sure we'll talk about it whenever in 2030,
when we do Toad.
But I was like, I haven't really watched, I've been on Mr.
Toad in Disney World,
but I haven't watched a video of it in many years, if ever maybe.
Yeah.
I was like, it's different.
It's two tracks.
Yes, they upped the game.
Yeah.
That's really, I think, that's all in terms of history, I wanted to say,
is that the first one, Modest Fun, the weirdest thing an original did,
the weirdest thing in Disneyland now, maybe.
Yes.
Then 71, Magic Kingdom, we aren't just going to do it,
we're going to blow it up, two different experiences,
left track, right track, different things, they weave in and out of each other.
Yeah.
And kind of like here, now we're in the town square,
and now the cars, if you're timing it right, can narrowly avoid each other.
So now you've got, for a dark ride, I think, the first real equivalent of like big set piece,
the Tomb of Mara, like big room where a tongue's going on, they're able to open that up.
Yeah.
And I just, all of this, I forgot.
I forgot that this looked like this, that there's two tracks that load,
that it would load separately on different tracks.
So I was just imagining, okay, people are now protesting, essentially, the biggest,
the big toad, not the tiny toad, which is what we have, we still have it.
Yeah.
Which, thank goodness, I feel like it's untouchable, I think, at this point.
I think in Disneyland, I was very interested
in seeing no mention of the Disneyland Mr.
Toad in a lot of, because the website,
Savetode.
com, is still live.
You can still find a lot of first-hand recounting of these toad ends.
Oh, yeah.
Which, for some reason, my browser was telling me it was being
hosted on the University of Miami's math department website.
It is absolutely still.
That's right.
Raises more questions than answers.
www.
math.
miami.
edu slash jam, toad, toadin.
html.
Do you have one of those squiggles?
Oh, there's a squiggle, yeah, I miss the squiggle.
Yeah, that's some early internet stuff.
I miss them, I like the squiggle dash.
com, but then it would reroute you.
Right.
Yeah.
Okay, so, but then you're technically looking at this kind of mealy-mouthed URL,
but you're saying Mr.
Toad, Anaheim, not anybody's concern, doesn't matter.
Doesn't seem to be.
Yeah, they were worried about it.
Yeah, there's, I was watching like a Yesterland video or something, and
they're like, they were trying to make the point that like, you know, Toad is the only
dark ride that hasn't really gotten a fancy new digital upgrade, so hey, hopefully it's safe,
but they haven't put anything new on it in a while.
Oh, that's like a, that makes you fear that they aren't like doubling debt,
they aren't bringing it into the 21st century.
Yeah, but you could argue, oh, maybe that's, they're like, let's keep this one,
because it's got more flats, which we've talked about, sort of versus like 3D environments.
Okay, yeah.
So maybe you could argue, oh, they're keeping it pure, but I don't know.
So that was the only sort of shred of doubt I even found when I was looking through anything
about Disneyland's Toad ever being in danger.
I don't think, by the way, Disney's not building anything for a decade, so it's fine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't worry about it.
I don't think they can even deconstruct it.
Yeah, there's no way, there's almost no way.
Unless it just was lit on fire and then they wouldn't put anything there.
Yes.
They'd put up a wall.
When Apple buys Disney though, then they will got Toad within six weeks, I think.
And it'll be a ride through the, yeah, you're going through the circuitry,
seeing what it's like for little zaps to move through an iPad.
Oh boy, you get to ride through like an iPod commercial from like the early 2000s.
Yeah, the E2, the pastel, the like people in Silhouette.
Or like Jet, are you going to be my girl?
It's like blaring over the Mr.
Toad track.
Might be good, actually, you know?
Being in the, yeah.
You know what?
Actually, if you do the math, those commercials are as long ago now as Mr.
Toad's time was in 1955.
It's exact.
I don't know what year Mr.
Toad's time, but I don't know.
Do you think we could contact the math department of Miami to double check that math?
To make sure you're correct?
I think it's sound math.
I don't think anybody, we don't need to get the university of Miami involved now.
We could call the phone numbers for the like half dozen Disney employees that they list contact info.
Yeah, yeah, that's a whole.
Some of whom have passed at this point because like here's how to call Marty Sklar.
And I'm like, oh, that's not accurate anymore.
They just leave the number open.
We shouldn't call it at the end of this episode.
Oh yeah, you want to see what happens to one?
Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
But yeah, I mean, point is they, it seems untouchable.
It's a particularly good one.
I think Raleigh Crump involved in this one, maybe more so than the first.
But you wonder like, okay, Anaheim one, but it's Mr.
Toad crazy inherently.
Of course you die and go to hell.
So it's already got that.
But this one in and of itself, I feel like has some weirdness separate for that.
Wasn't in the Anaheim one mainly that.
Okay.
Well, there's like guns in it.
There's a police weasel shootout.
So you got that.
And then you go to the, at some point you are in a tavern gasp.
A place where alcohol is consumed, where adult libations are consumed.
And in that there's like a sexy naked lady.
I know what you're talking about.
There's a naked lady in there.
Oh my God.
That is.
Oh, the naked lady.
Yeah, cause the spinning beer glasses are in Anaheim in the bar.
Oh, you're right.
You got a bar.
Yeah.
But there's no naked lady in Anaheim.
I don't believe so.
Which is good.
Yes.
None of that.
None of that filth.
Somehow it avoided the clutches of the nearby Hollywood weirdos.
But this, I don't, I did not know this was here.
Yeah, I did not know that was there.
This is an attractive lady.
This is an attractive drawing, I'm going to say.
She looks like, oh, what's the character from Hercules?
Oh, Meg.
Meg.
Yes.
Yeah, kind of, yeah, yeah, similar kind of like exaggerated angular proportions.
But I wonder if between all of these things, they're like, we went a little too hard here.
We got a little too 70s, a little too kooky.
Do we need to get, was this always like the unwanted stepchild somehow of, in Magic Kingdom?
It's a good question.
Because yeah, they cited a couple of things, I think, like what, like
how many people could get through the ride capacity.
People complaining that their kids were scared.
Which I believe I was scared on this ride the first time I ever went on it,
but I was scared on every dark ride in Fantasyland except for Peter Pan.
Yeah, this is insane to lodge a complaint about.
Right.
I was freaked out on Snow White, I was freaked out on Toad.
I was scared of a bathroom where one of the lights was out.
Yeah.
Where only one fluorescent tube was working.
Sure.
Yeah, I didn't like open my eyes and see the naked lady and go, no, I didn't.
I liked Toad because it was crazy.
Well, sure.
I'm sure they showed it on early Disney Channel, which I like the animation of,
but mostly my memory of the Wind in the Willows, Disney,
is the opening credits with a very sad voice going, the wind in the willows.
And I, I don't, I haven't rewatched that.
I'm just like, that's just forever glued to my mind.
The opening credits song.
The sad voice?
Somebody's dying wish to get to do that song.
We watched.
It's also very possible that was a dollar store knockoff of Wind in the Willows that I am
And it wasn't the live action one.
Yeah.
I don't know if it's time to say this, but you bring this up and on the website,
I don't know, did you see this on the website?
How much did you scock home this website?
I combed the website pretty good.
Yeah, I'm sure.
We all, we all clearly hit up this website.
They refute these points.
Point by point.
They bring up the things like why you might think they are,
because that's part of it is when like, I mean here, why not?
Basically what happens is October 22nd, 1997, Orlando Sentinel publishes an article.
Is Mr.
Toad about to drive out of Disney?
It may be time to say goodbye to Mr.
Toad and hello to Winnie the Pooh and Buzz Lightyear,
the magic, that's a separate thing that's getting incorporated.
But anyway, it's like a rumor that Orlando Sentinel gets posts,
reports on this website is started very quickly after the fact, savetoad.
com.
And they try to go through them.
Right.
And that's, I was just gonna say real quick,
it was also a reaction to 20,000 leagues closing without any fanfare.
And people were freaked and mad because they said it was going to be temporary.
So then they were like, they did this like soft test of like,
uh, Toad may close and be replaced by Ride.
We suddenly have fully like realized here,
this is what it would be, it would be Winnie the Pooh.
So then they gave them like, uh, if, if it's like, hey, if you're a kook,
go on it a couple more times before we close it.
So they tried to plan almost.
Yes.
That's what it seems like.
Yeah.
Although they probably also, I think this is,
I think that is the plan and yet they did not reckon with the internet.
Oh, absolutely.
They didn't realize how annoying this could become for them.
Whatever was annoying and I haven't looked into it of the 20,000 leagues complaints of like,
you didn't give us a chance to go on this before telling you didn't tell us that we
never go on it again.
They're like, I know what we'll do.
We'll give a little bit of a heads up.
And then yes, they got another round, a different kind of backlash.
We're also in this era where classics are starting to become, uh, let's,
weird word, but let's say touchable.
We say we think untouchable this in this era, they're like, oh, they're touchable.
We're touching.
And, uh, so 20,000 leagues goes, um,
strong, I forgot all this strong rumor in this era that Disneyland submarine voyage would go
forever.
Right.
That's something now that we maybe advocate for, but at the time it just ain't like cutting
corners, laziness, environmental catastrophe next to the other gas cuddling environmental catastrophe.
No, we'll, so climate change is done.
If we just get rid of that area and tomorrow, 80% of it comes from that part of the,
no bigger chunk.
I just saw, there's always a round of this every couple of weeks.
Just drawing that part of the map and going, get rid of this.
I know, but it wasn't timed then.
You know what I mean?
I think it's clearly time now.
We weren't even thinking about utopia then, but then there were these other ones and I'm
remember, cause I was like a news group guy.
I was, I was at 13.
I'm going to Disneyland news groups.
And I remember there was a lot of outrage about the rumor, the possibility that enchanted
Tiki room in Disneyland becomes a quote food court.
What was that actually going to be?
I don't know.
I think that, oh my God, what is the tropical hideaway?
I think that that turned out very nice and very charming, but would a,
would 1998 version have been in the era of red rockets pizza port?
Yeah.
Would they have done something nice there or something kind of pizza style?
The food would have been bad.
That's for sure.
Yeah.
That's a easier aesthetic for them to like get right.
That can last then tomorrow.
And so perhaps it would have looked okay, but it would have been like just the worst
food you've ever had.
And they probably, and it would have been kind of grandfathered in like, yeah,
if that gets the traffic it's going to get, who cares?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So anyway, everybody's just on edge.
I think there was also maybe the precursor to this is a save horizons website.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They've mentioned that somewhere.
Work out either.
Right.
So as you were saying, yeah.
So these, all these like excuses that were given or that were out there were refuted
on this website.
Yeah.
Yes.
One of which being like the darkness or the ribaldry.
And the ride was too scary for children.
So they have it.
And if you go to the website, they'll have like it in quotes of like what the reason is
and then they'll refute it with a few sentences.
And in that case, it's like, well, they're building, they got alien encounter now.
There's they're doing dark things everywhere.
So we can't say this is the darkest thing.
Right.
I think I have one of the points.
Oh, well, as part of that preliminary reports of the poo ride reveal that there will be
a an area involving heffa lumps and woozles just as frightening if not more so than Mr.
Toads.
Yeah, that is true.
That's not a bad point.
The heffa lumps and woozles are scary.
And that's a whole component of this too is the, I think some of the anger came
from we're getting rid of Mr.
Toad kind of weird, singular, kooky, not original because
it's a movie.
But I think I feel like culturally we know Mr.
Toad's wild ride more than Ichabod and
Mr.
Toad.
So it feels like a park original in a way.
And they want to replace it with Winnie the Pooh.
And I can't imagine anybody having a big problem with Winnie the Pooh.
This isn't the same as like I don't think that's the same as like the way people didn't
like Ewoks or what.
No, the Toad in guy even admits at one point like it makes sense for Pooh to be in the
Magic Kingdom.
And especially in the 90s, Pooh hugely popular.
I feel like.
He's trying to, yeah, they're trying to say that we want Pooh here.
We don't want him to go in this spot though.
That's the difference.
You don't have to, I don't necessarily agree with everything, all the logic, because one
of the points he tries to refute Winnie the Pooh is more popular than Mr.
Toad and his
friends.
And then apparently he tries to argue that it's not the case, which I'll read what he
says.
If the Win and the Willows characters had been so vigorously marketed by Disney, they
would be at least as popular, if not more so.
That's a different argument than they are as popular.
Yes, as it stands.
There's absolutely no Mr.
Toad merchandise available from Disney other than the home
video.
But recently Disney customers received an entire catalog devoted to Winnie the Pooh.
They can't complain about poor sales of Mr.
Toad merchandise if they don't offer any.
In a recent investigation run by Team Toad, approximately 90% of all Disney store employees
surveyed did not even know who Mr.
Toad is.
Many of them flatly denied that he was a Disney character at all, even when the evidence of
Mr.
Toad's wild ride and the Win and the Willows video was brought before them.
Some even recommended trying the Warner Brothers store, apparently confusing Mr.
Toad with
Michigan Jay Frog, the singing frog from the WB television commercials.
Whoa.
Whoa.
No, that's not, no, you want, that's on level two and that's, you're thinking of Hello My
Baby, Hello My Honey, Hello My Right Time Gal.
Yeah, that's, you have to go to the store with the video screens where you can paint.
That's not here, man.
That's not here.
So this is not-
Let's talk about what this survey is.
This is-
Team Toad ran an investigation.
Team Toad, first of all, is a group, they were calling themselves Team Toad.
Yeah, as well as Toadies, Toadies is a term as well.
Yes.
So yeah, they ran a survey of, hey, you know who this is?
Like that was probably-
They printed out black and white dot matrix.
Have you seen this character?
For Cartoon Toad.
Minimum wage Disney store.
Teenagers, yeah, minimum wage teenagers.
They have a lot of notes on this website for cast members.
Some compliments, but mostly like, it's very 1997 caddy internet.
Like early blogs.
I haven't come upon anything that's like horrendous or anything though, luckily.
I would not, this wouldn't be the term at the time, but this does not feel especially toxic.
Which makes it very different than internet fan campaigns have been for a long time.
Because it says, see it even says,
The Save Mr.
Toad site was not created with the intent to kill the Winning the Pooh project,
but merely to suggest that there are other available places within the park
and that nothing is worth the cost of removing a child's favorite ride forever.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Now, how true is that?
Is this just, is this dredging up emotion?
Is this pulling an emotional strip?
You mean for me or for-
No, in general, how much do we think that a lot of kids favorite ride?
Some.
Some.
Well, I'm sure some.
I love Mr.
Toad, I do.
But-
Oh, I wasn't thrilled.
You didn't like the ride?
Yeah, I was really mad it was going away.
Oh, you were mad it was going away.
Sure, sure.
I was mad it was going away, but I was also creeping up on 13 and 14 and you know,
I got a little more preoccupied with adolescence, you know.
Oh, you weren't focusing?
You mean Islands of Adventure opening.
Yeah, an adult thing.
The adult stuff.
Yeah, the cool stuff, yeah.
Did you, so yeah, it wasn't,
I do remember hearing it was closing and I remember being like, oh, I like that.
And then I, yeah, whatever it was going on.
I don't think I thought I had the power to change that also.
I wasn't empowered yet.
Well, isn't that what this whole campaign was about?
Trying to make you not feel that way, make everyone feel like they have a say.
On the, that's very true.
On this same website, he, I think it's the same guy.
He wrote, Disney has bulldozed this little boy's dreams.
And it's a picture of a little boy with, what is that?
The walrus character.
And it says, tell those mean old Disney suits where to stick it.
So I guess that's maybe what this comes from is this was a favorite of a little boy.
Stick what?
Tell those mean old Disney suits where to stick it.
I mean, that's to put something up their butts.
Put something up.
Yes, it's clearly something and clearly butts, but what?
Stick.
Well, but there's a stick up there already because they're getting rid of toad and they're up tight.
How about a, well, a thing from Winnie the Pooh, Pooh sticks.
They play that in the movie.
Yeah.
One of them put a Pooh stick up your butt.
Yeah.
There's Pooh there already.
So that's where I think this comes from here.
This was a particularly magical experience.
And maybe I was just gonna say like, is there.
A ride that made a bigger influence on you as a kid that when you maybe had some free time in
your early twenties, you would have gone down and protested like, like this, like, is there a ride
that was like, is more near and dear to your heart that reminds you of being a little boy?
Let's just put it that way.
It has to be make you feel like a little boy.
You've, you've chased me away from the whole thing.
I mean, not being a fan of wanting to, I just want to feel like a little boy.
Is there any, is there any.
It might be a nice, a less creepy way to put it.
A little attraction boy, a little ride lover, a little boy ride lover.
I wasn't thrilled when they closed Alien Encounter, but like.
If you were nearer to it, would you have gone there and said, oh,
this makes me feel like a little boy ride lover?
Maybe in so many where I don't remember a big Alien Encounter campaign.
I don't think, I don't think so.
I don't remember saying any words like that.
I think this is a Mike exclusive, I think.
Little boy ride lover?
Yeah.
What makes you feel like a little boy ride lover?
What would you stand in the way of?
That is a good question.
Again, it's proximate.
Again, I'd have to be in my early twenties, have not much going on.
I'm not saying this guy doesn't have stuff going on.
Maybe he did, but.
Well, I definitely had the latter taken care of.
Sure.
I don't know about the former.
I guess Peter Pan really was a big deal when I was a kid, when little.
And I got, that was the only ride I felt like I could open my eyes on.
So I suppose.
Open your eyes and fly with me, Michael.
Feel like a little boy ride lover.
Yeah.
So would I have gone regularly and I would have done one of them.
If there was a sort of campaign or something for it.
For Peter Pan and not this, are you saying?
Yeah.
No, if Toad was going, like going at Disneyland and I felt like the group of Toad in people
were not the new version of it were non-toxic and it just lined up with the Disneyland trip.
I'll go put a shirt on and.
Yeah.
I'll go stand around and talk to some people for a while.
I have one answer.
I have one answer and I'm going to take your twenties thing out of it.
I'm in my thirties.
I have a child.
I would still.
That would that none of that would stop me from going down to protest a removal of the
ET adventure.
Oh, right.
I would do it today.
Yeah.
That's the only thing because there's other things I like.
I'm like, I wouldn't like if they got rid of Sunny Eclipse.
I wouldn't like if they got rid of the people mover.
I don't think I'm flying out for it.
I'm like, what do I?
What in Disneyland am I going to go to?
I don't know if there's anything there that I even though it's closer.
ET adventure.
I think I'm there.
I think I'm wearing whatever shirt.
And it's currently being like, you know, protected like they're building Shrek's
swamp house next to it.
It's protected lands.
It's protected.
Yeah, it's a national piece of land.
That's what I want.
You know what?
If DeSantis made it protected land, I forgive him for everything else.
Yeah, that's yeah, that's because that feels so much again.
That's the last remaining piece of old universal.
It's the only to ride.
They've already changed the smell and I'm not happy about that.
I have particularly particularly a cute nose and I don't like what those sickos did.
That's just like when in a bed bath and beyond and I notice the smell immediately is
lavender number five candle.
Lazy, lazy from the universal creative people.
We need tourists coming to our state and they come for the smells.
The best smell our state has to offer as a as an incentive.
I will rerecord all of ET's lines when he says your name at the end.
If that helps, we can upgrade the ride system and I'll do the voiceover for free.
I will update.
I will read a list of names and let's I'll say I might curate the names to make it all
one type of name, you know, American names.
Jim.
Steve.
Hank.
My syllables only this country started going to hell when we started allowing two syllable
names.
Tex.
I was born Ronald and it tears me up inside.
Skip.
Biff.
Tiny.
Snap.
Not crackle.
Pop.
Nobody's called pop anymore.
Junior.
Oh, that's a double.
Sorry.
J.
Well, but JR is short.
Yeah, I'll take that.
Yeah.
So yeah, I could see you going down there.
Wouldn't that that is the only one where I would like be doing my day to day and I
would be upset.
It's the only can you can you because even I don't know, I'd be mad if they took out.
I know that I wouldn't phrase it as that.
I it makes me feel like a little boy, but I do love things from a particular era and
I like I'd be mad if the neon Mickey's went away.
Yeah, but I don't think I'm you're not getting there.
You're not going on a shirt for it.
Yeah, I should get a shirt of some of the keys though.
That would be cool.
Some of it I think is because like a haunted mansion or a pirates is feels so
untouchable almost.
I don't think I can even fathom that like going away.
I you know what I think for the answer to this because I want to I want to answer out
of Jason to and I like a you said alien encounter, but a current thing and I think
maybe you got to go to I think my home park kind of became California Adventure.
I think it's the one of the most fond of Jason's obviously Islands of Adventure.
What would be what do you what do you mad at if goes at islands?
I think it's Spider-Man goes.
That's could happen any day.
It's happening in Japan.
It's happened.
I forgot until today.
That's that's because do you know what it is to.
Yeah, it's Pokemon and it's and it's a our goggles.
I watched the same Alicia Stuller video you did and I know it's a are and it's like Spider-Man
you move your arms and I went oh, I couldn't believe that I literally no offense to
I was interested in the video.
It was it was it was the information that just when when it went from its a are goggles
and then she said and you wave your arms like spider.
I literally stopped watching the video.
Oh, I can't hear about this anymore.
Well in the same video.
These two things together well in the same video and I'm I'm you know,
I like Pokemon fine, but it was not you know, Mario or anything where I was a little boy
video game lover when I was playing it really I was more of teenager and I only played a little
bit but then in the later in the video she says that the rumor is first expansion for
Epic Universe is a Luigi's Mansion land.
Hell yeah with a ride of it, but then and interactive gun shoot and I went.
No, no, no, not again and like cut like men in black style.
I'm like no, I like, okay hang on though.
I like men in black.
I like the villain.
It's not a but I'm not saying I'm just saying you know, we know what we're saying.
Everything doesn't have to be this.
I'm saying what in this specific case what I thought was a are goggle the team up of a are
goggles and flailing your arms around.
Yeah, that's a scarier team up than the sinister six.
Yeah, specifically and Luigi's Mansion makes sense that you got that though whatever I
forget the name of it.
It's the is vacuum thing that sucks up ghosts.
Yeah, so that makes more sense and maybe that'll actually end up being more fun than
a Mario Kart but still.
You know what else I like is Monsters Inc.
Ride and seek in Japan.
Yeah, that's really your flashlight.
I think that's really fun.
So I'm not it's the genre is not yeah gone to I'm just a little I'm just nervous.
I'm nervous about it too because all this stuff is so fun and people say they like Mario
Kart but I still it's not my are people saying that still I swear people are claiming they
like Mario Kart and they're I swear to you this feels I feel like I'm being gaslit but
that seems what's happening online and there seems to be at least like 50% of the audience
not already an audience necessarily but theme park people I see like it.
They say they like it kind of crazy like when you see a bunch of stuff in your feed about
especially around the holidays about how a certain green baby is cute or perhaps even
very cute does it make you feel kind of insane.
You talking about tracks babies.
They're pretty good.
Everyone agrees.
They're very good.
There's no question about that.
Felicia.
Fargas.
Fargas.
Fargas.
Felicia.
And Griffin Newman.
And Griffin.
No it doesn't it's not like that at all I don't think it's different it feels different I think.
You're saying it's an actual gaslighting.
Actual really.
You know I was never a Mario Kart kid and then well I got Jane a Switch for Christmas and we've
been playing a lot of Mario Kart or especially.
Now you're a Mario Kart man.
I like it a lot but going fast is a big part of it.
Of course it is.
Going fast.
We might say it's the main part of it.
It might be the main thing also grabbing power ups and then like slamming into other cars is fun.
Mario Kart is pure bliss.
There's versions of it that are better than others but most all of them have a lot of fun in it.
I finally got on board on number eight.
Jason has become a Mario Kart man which is what I like to hear because Mario Kart is a universal
thing I think.
Not a universal it is a universal thing but it's a universal thing that people like so I'm glad
to hear it.
It's the Switch one so you can customize your vehicles and they have the ones that have like.
She's been unlocking stuff left and right so we're customizing.
I've played as Birdo yet.
Scott's beloved Birdo from Mario 2.
No I've raced against Birdo.
Birdo has hit me with a shell and then passed me.
Don't you lay a finger on Birdo.
You probably had it coming.
I did go like oh wait I can't select Birdo.
Like oh Birdo is DLC or unlockable.
You'll get there.
Spider-Man is your answer.
I'm at this point you know what actually it's becoming now I'm wrapping around to I can't
believe I got there but it's partially due to my son.
Now I've become so fond of Redwood Creek Challenge Trail and Mater's Junkyard Jamboree.
I think those might be the closest but it's still not even close to the.
Let me call my shot we're doing Challenge Trail this year.
Please yes.
Yeah I'm such a big fan of Challenge Trail.
You know what I'm going to throw a shot right back at you.
I don't think you can or should do it until you take your daughter there.
Yeah you're probably right.
Because you probably still got a couple.
You'll just be like you know imagine the episode we would have done before.
We're like well there's a Sequoia slice and you read the written the emotion of.
Oh my god you're right that'll be better.
That'll be better but Jason and I in our like mid-20s running around there.
We went there a number of times.
Jumping through stuff.
It's still pretty you know good.
We definitely were like oh weights are terrible and everything else.
Do you want to go to Challenge Trail?
Sure yeah we were hanging at the Challenge Trail way back.
I think I was I think I was overlooking it.
So yeah so so look you know what if they want to get rid of the Velocicoaster Universal.
I'm saying no I'm going to go out there for that too.
I will protest that.
Those two are three years old.
Hey if I would be mad exactly.
These guys are crazy they're tearing up whatever.
Their current building mandate you don't know.
I'll put a shirt on for it.
Just start the website now save Velocicoaster.
Save the quote Velocicoaster yeah.
Okay look I'm going to read this quote because look yeah it is a little odd to do you know
even thinking about hypothetically going to like a ride protest feels a little a little odd.
And here is a quote about this campaign.
Anyone who would be so nuts to challenge Disney and waste a whole year obviously has some issues.
That is a quote from the guy who did it.
Jeff Moscott.
Yes yes.
I think that's why it's this educational Miami website.
I think that's that's one name connected to it.
I think that who a guy who made the website also John LaFonte.
Somebody named Hal Bowers is part of this too isn't it.
It's a name I see sometimes.
Yes I do see that as well.
Internet theme park person I think he made some of the artwork.
This guy Jeff Moscott launches this campaign and then he does a lot of a lot of press.
That's something you see on this website.
This really became like major outlets covered this and this is him talking to the Associated Press
which about why Mr.
Toad was such an appealing character.
It's a nice break from the happy singing flowers.
Not that those things don't have a place in Disney.
He's not the bland Disney hero with two funny sidekicks.
He's nuts.
He steals cars but he's still the good guy.
And that's a nice feel.
I totally agree with that.
In the same way that like you know yet like how fun is it to like you know the marvels all start to
blend together but then something like does kind of a different genre you know things that are a
little like a WandaVision or a Spider-verse and that's a different thing but like how different
like something that breaks the mold genre wise really stands out and especially I love that
Mr.
Toad is breaks the pattern of and they lived happily ever after.
Literally it is the opposite.
Yes.
You do not live and it is not happy.
It might be forever after but it's for sure.
For sure.
But yeah the other ones no.
More forever after than how the princess stories end.
And that one I guess and that one's especially it's you not you as a represent well no I guess
it's always sort of you know that they put the characters on but you are the you're not Toad
it's you you're spending eternity in hell.
Is that so?
But you don't see Toad it could be one of those this is up for interpretation.
Well that's maybe for the other episode.
It is kind of technically you are I mean it's I'll go with you on this though I like that Mr.
Toad
is like come to my house I'll put you in a car the wheel doesn't work so good so you're gonna get in
a lot of accidents and you're gonna die and you're gonna go to hell.
Yeah it's true I think that's a debate for the episode.
You're trapped in a mad man's house.
I have thoughts now but I think it's gonna be too much.
Sure sure sure.
Okay.
And again 20 to 30.
Yeah yeah we got a lot of time to prep for that.
And saving for a big big name for this one too.
Yes true.
Billy Corgan or something.
You would give that.
I'm calling that shot by the way he's gonna be on the show this year.
Oh okay.
You have an air you I hope we've been texting about you have an airtight plan.
Yeah.
Do you want to say the airtight plan?
I'm gonna make you say the airtight plan.
I should also say when we drove here Mike was listening to Melancholy.
I was listening to Melancholy and the Infinite Sinus on the way over here.
That seems like part of the course.
Yeah I was listening to Jelly Belly right before I picked you up.
Which they started playing online.
I think if I start talking about him more this year even more that then it'll start to be in the air.
But what I had said is that I have friends with his phone number.
Oh no I meant the other plan.
What did I say?
Smashing Pumpkins is looking for a new guitarist.
Oh right right right.
And then please send a video of you wailing on guitar and you're gonna send a video that was
instead please be on my podcast.
Yeah so yeah Smashing Pumpkins a couple days ago or a week ago at this point they're looking
for another guitarist and some like this is always interesting it always feels sometimes
like a PR stunt when something like this happens because you're like
Billy you don't know a guitarist.
Yeah yeah.
I heard people kicking down the door to tour.
I mean maybe I don't know.
So yeah so it's an open call you can send a video in with some materials of your abilities.
I don't believe I am a good enough guitar player to be in Smashing Pumpkins.
But I do believe I can make a video where I have a guitar.
I do a fake 10 seconds of playing the guitar and then just implore Billy please I have a theme park
podcast.
You said recently that you're a Disneyland weirdo and that that's what we are.
We're not Disney adults we're like you man.
Can you come and be on our show please?
And then I'll go back to the guitar a little bit or something and then just in case in case he is
like actually I'm kind of thinking about him for the guitar role.
Right.
And podcast no but this guy wow he might have such jobs.
Just yes just in case I will try with the guitar as well.
I'll be like I can also I can do a little something on here.
Have you there's a lot of music on the podcast you could listen to too Billy.
Do you know who McGruff is Billy?
That might be how you get him actually.
Now suddenly he's because he does all these songs about bozo and shit.
Oh God.
Now he's like that might be my call.
And now and now smashing pumpkins becomes a full time McGruff band and you have turned them.
And 90 percent of fans are furious but 10 percent are like the pumpkins are back baby.
Yeah yeah that no there's.
Mainly Billy will finally be happy he'll be doing what he wants.
Yeah.
Listen up people paid for those pumpkins on their doorsteps and you should not be shut anywhere near.
Keep them in intact.
Pristine condition.
And don't smash a squash either.
There's a chance that my call birthday shot this year is oh the bozo show I think.
But I really will spend an a half hour on Billy Corgan's recent song about the magic
care the magician character that was on the bozo show called whizzo which he did he debuted on
New Year's Eve at local Chicago New Year's Eve TV.
I'm obsessed with it and anyway.
Oh with Billy Crystal.
With Billy Crystal.
What or Billy who who was on the.
Local New Year's.
Billy what are you talking about.
Who was hosting that New Year's.
Billy Corgan with his wife Chloe.
I got.
They were at Madame Zuzu's their tea shop in Highland Park Illinois.
I got confused.
I thought Billy Crystal was hosting local Chicago TV.
Billy Crystal was singing out whizzo.
I sent you the video.
I know.
Wait a minute you watched it and thought it was Billy Crystal.
You didn't watch my Billy Corgan video.
I forgot about it.
I watched it and forgot about it.
Watch it they were saying about whizzo.
Look I told you before you started recording I had a cold for like 12 days.
I was pretty out of it.
The cold that makes you see Crystal instead of Corgan.
You were describing all this the cold and everything and it sounds awful and I feel
really bad that being said Billy Corgan and Billy Crystal.
Well they both sing.
They both go on a stage and sing sometimes.
Okay what if Billy Corgan's saying it's a wonderful night for Oscar Oscar Oscar.
Oh I love that.
Okay.
And then a big like rips a solo.
That would be cool.
And the jazz man saying tonight tonight.
But then I'm trying to square like Billy Crystal.
Tonight.
I'm trying to do what's a Billy what's a Smashing Pumpkins Oscar medley.
Oh that's oh oh oh.
With their songs or with just pure.
Despite all my rage I am still just the English patient.
From it has to be 1995.
It's gotta be from the one of the years.
Yeah yeah that's very.
Jerry McGuire.
He did only one modern song and it was he likes pumpkins apparently.
It's too much I can't we have to go back.
Let's get back.
All right so.
Should we talk about the t-shirt.
Everyone saw the t-shirt.
A virtual Toad Hall gets a lot of posts on it but they want to ramp up this campaign.
How do we make the Disney brass actually be aware of us.
And I guess you know I guess the step before that is why don't we go start doing some in person things.
Yes.
Let's go to the Magic Kingdom.
Let's coordinate.
Let's show our support.
We call these toad ends and that brings us to the episode but a big part of that they're selling websites.
They're selling websites they're selling t-shirts on the website and you're supposed to wear these at the toad ends.
Jason do the honors.
Yeah so the front says save Mr.
Toad's wild ride and it's crying children looking at a dead Mr.
Toad.
And on the.
With a toe with a toad shaped.
With a toad ghost.
Rising out of the flower in his chest.
And the back says ask me why Mickey is killing Mr.
Toad.
Mickey's doing it.
And they they were stopped and some of the recounting of these toad ends.
People would get stopped by security and then have to go like we are saying for me we're allowed to wear these shirts is fine.
We were told it was fine by management.
I think from what I could tell I think Disney is and this goes back to the comment that suggested the topic.
Disney's trying to figure out how they get they catch wind of this of course like because it's on the internet so like oh something's happening.
Yeah how can we stop this and I think as it goes on what they find is it's just a bunch of nerds milling around.
Yeah and there is nothing to stop but they still don't like it.
I think one of the only things they could find is you're all dressed in the same shirt.
Yeah is that a problem.
Isn't it.
Are you a gang.
What is this.
Gangs aren't allowed.
It is less people though than some family reunions.
Yes.
Wearing matching shirts.
We can't be having north of 50 people all wearing the same shirt and then right then a bunch of people in like.
Yeah McCluskey big trip.
1997.
I'm Dalmatian number one.
I'm two.
I'm two.
Yeah yeah.
Grandma's number 101.
So yeah they could that the technically they couldn't get too too mad about this but the flyers that they pass out are a little abrasive as well.
And they I think they do try to stop that like you can't be but I think they like.
The security was too bored to watch this too much so yeah I think they got some flyers out.
Such as.
Can't we all just get along.
Put poo somewhere else not on the grave of Mr.
Toad and in this I didn't really look at this before this is an evil Winnie the Pooh with scary teeth.
Yeah.
Driving a steamroller right behind Mr.
Toad.
Who's going to crush him.
Without a character.
Yeah that's also just.
Wait evil poo you're saying.
Evil poo.
Well now with.
I know now yes in the public domain poo is can be evil is more evil than good.
There's a sequel to the scary poo movie coming.
Pooh blood and honey.
Wait yeah I believe.
Tigger entered the public domain the original Tigger.
They were waiting for Tigger.
So that's the sequel I believe as Tigger.
Don't quote me on that.
I'm salivating.
I forbid the topic of making us watch the public domain Winnie the Pooh movies.
People are going to want to do it now.
Yeah maybe.
I don't want to do it anyway.
Flood and honey.
As magician please.
And then another one don't let poo kill Mr.
Toad.
Killing toads is a crime.
And then I really like my favorite for sure is just this kind of dazed toad photo very simple.
With motor mania is not a crime.
Yeah that's great.
Motor mania.
I would wear that on the shirt.
I would wear that today.
Yeah I wonder if that still exists.
These are certainly not high resolution enough to do it ourselves.
But you can trace over it and then you got one.
I would like it if it was actually blurry on the shirt too.
Oh you just want it blocky.
Some of this is it definitely seems like oh simpler world you know.
Like as much as I've gone to the parks like a couple years ago and saw all those like
reactionary like lock up trader Biden like taking from my cold dead hands and it's like
oh no they're closing Mr.
Toad shirts like a simpler world you know.
Yeah I know.
I don't want to know what the campaign is today.
Well it's a splash mountain save splash mountain campaign.
That's the equivalent of it.
I will say this about that.
It existed if you went looking there were some pretty bad backwards ugly comments but
it never at least it was never so they didn't they didn't.
I think those they were lazy they were online only.
Yeah they wished it became some sort of like thousands strong.
Yes yeah the toad in people went they drove their cars they went to a place.
Splash mountain people were like maybe didn't care as much as they said they cared or you
know it was a part of the culture war.
You know it was well it was that indignancy that day and then they were then like you know
changing the design of some like milk box and they have to go be mad about that.
That's true there's so much happening so many things were going woke at the time.
Yeah yeah.
They had to split the difference.
How could so many things go woke when it makes you go broke.
Yet every day thousands of things go woke.
But the most fun and the darkest it gets and this was already said in the in the episode blurb but
let's meditate for a little bit on tell poo to go to hell.
And this artwork is now to poo does not have the upper hand he is scared holding his honey pot
at the pitchfork of one of the Mr.
Toad devils.
Yeah the flying devils.
This is very good.
This is really funny.
It kind of softened when I saw tell poo to go to hell just in print I was like that's a little harsh
and now that I've seen the little that it's a cute devil.
Yeah I like it.
I love Winnie the Pooh I don't want any harm to him but this is good.
I just like seeing these guys together.
I think that in the great gazoo with a character he's not supposed to be with.
Yeah that is what I don't know Ted Lasso or something.
Yo in the last season of Lasso he suddenly had a great gazoo character.
Now I'm on board.
I think any TV show if it's just like yeah it's probably going to be the last season it's like
Maybe Donald Faison should be greeted by like a mischievous imp.
Maybe John Cryer should.
On Two and a Half Men?
No no on whatever that new show is with Donald Faison and John Cryer.
Oh I see.
Yes you're right I don't know what it is and I will never look into it unless they add a little
green alien in the final season.
Then I'm watching everyone.
I would also say like if you were having a first season of a show why not introduce the little green imp?
What do you got to lose?
How about this bring Alf back but also the great gazoo's on the show.
There's a new guidance counselor at Abbott Elementary and only one person only Quinto
Bronson can see him.
Grey's Anatomy with great gazoo.
You know the crown took an odd turn this year.
I don't usually rail against historical inaccuracies but I don't think Princess Diana had a little.
I don't know maybe only she could see it.
I still got a lot I was saying of course I was like oh I'm halfway through Saltburn.
I can see a little imp showing up.
It's all open right now.
Anything to distract from like they're entering college or the freshman class of 2006.
It's a period movie let's play Block Party and I'm like oh no I don't like this.
Wow that's a college band you didn't like.
No that was college band I did like but I'm like oh making me feel my age.
I didn't I thought you were like oh no Block Party I don't like them.
It was like Block Party and Arcade Fire and I was like oh this is throwback now 20 years.
You don't want to feel like a little Block Party boy.
Block Party lover.
Little boy Block Party lover.
I'm just a little Block Party boy.
Make sure whenever you do that phrase that you don't drop the specific because if the
specific is lost imagine what that phrase becomes.
I think about it every time I say it.
You gotta be careful.
Yeah the Walkman doing a Muppet Baby style and it's called the Walk Boys.
I don't think I know what the Walkman is.
The Walkman what's that their name from about that time?
I forget the song they did but what about Jet Junior?
Little Jets.
Jet Junior.
Yeah the little Arctic Monkeys.
Yeah the Arctic Monkey babies.
Anyway so you got shirts about tell poo to go to hell.
It's funny it's funny it makes me want to get involved I know.
I can't be mad at that yeah.
And they and so well let's go back to the original premise of the comment which is like
it's weird that Disney just let it happen.
And I do think that part of it was not much was actually happening.
Another piece and maybe you guys read some of the detailed toed in recaps.
Yes diaries.
Yes the screeds.
These these the rumors start flying I think in September or I'm sorry October 97 then very
quickly within six weeks they have done the first toed in.
And this very first one Disney's pretty on edge and this I think is an interesting case study
and like what would happen if you tried to do a little little protest a little event at Disneyland
because you well you think like well a bunch of security would swarm well hang on they don't
want to like upset the apple car we don't want to make people worried that there's a bunch of
security.
So we will have security there but all in plain clothes all disguised as tourists or
janitors or what have you.
So now we know this is what would happen if you started stirring up some shit you would suddenly
notice a lot more janitors around than usual maybe and maybe if you look close they have ear pieces.
Yeah it's uh I mean we've also talked about this too where it's like well you can get a lot farther
naked in Small World than you'd think.
You can get farther in there deeper into the building before anyone's going to come around
looking for you.
Yeah.
So if you just if you just swarms he didn't suddenly he didn't suddenly get a bunch of red dots
right around his dick.
No.
They have to not.
Take the shots.
Pulverize it.
Would it be.
That's what you're going to kill him faster if we did the head.
Ah yeah but we're pretty mad about the nudity.
Yeah yeah.
Less than a part.
You nudity is more important than.
Let him live but don't let him ever do nudity in the park.
Breaking the rules.
So yeah it doesn't surprise me that some mild mannered people wearing a slightly aggressive
shirt.
Yeah yeah they kept an eye on it and then what they what they what the people is milling around
in the shirts started hearing is like Disney's going to shut this down you got about 10 minutes.
I'm hearing the plan.
Yeah.
There are people whispering you got 10 minutes but what else happened is that as I said media
outlets start noticing what's going on that something is happening and they want to see
if some shit's going to hit the fan.
So reporters are there with cameras and I think that makes Disney go we don't want to
make a scene we don't want a situation that's going to really just light the fire on all
of this.
So I think due to the presence of reporters they're just like all right maybe do as little
as possible.
Don't let them hand out that hell flyer.
Besides that let the guys go on the ride that they like.
And thus so the media protected the.
Yeah that's their job in a lot of ways you know when you're talking about actual protests
for things that maybe matter a little more.
Yeah the media is supposed to be there to cover that.
Yeah.
So they did give protection to the toad and crew the toadies.
The toadies were free to keep milling about every week after they didn't get.
Ride Mr.
Toad like once or twice and then go to other stuff to the park.
Realize that even like all right I mean I'd look I want to do Big Thunder I'm here.
There was I feel I don't know if it was this extreme but it does feel from reading some of
this for like people were like oh my god like we're going to get beaten up by Disney security
for this.
And I'm like that's not.
You think people people wanted.
That's right.
Yeah maybe a few people wanted a scene.
Yeah not that anybody wants to get beat up but yeah the scene itself would be like oh
this is outrageous what we're doing with this poo going to hell.
Maybe what they want to go back to something we talked about a while back.
Guards clunk clunk clunk clunk.
Big Disney army sweeps in.
They are left with permanent like cattle prod marks in Mickey Ears shape.
To remind them who never to mess with again.
This had to come across Eisner's desk at a certain point.
I mean there's a little mention of him on the website but there's some insults hurled at him
as well.
What are they saying what are they saying about me.
Yeah so I like to imagine that he's on the Miami dot ed website looking at this.
Well here's what here's what it became.
Jason I know you have feel free to read what what you had there because I mainly saw Eisner
look he's he's put in the position of like it really shows you know it's always
you know you're going to be mad at Disney doing something you're going to end you're
going to put it on Iger you're going to put it on yeah JPEC you're going to put it on whoever it is.
But they they pin it on Eisner but what I saw was like after the fact when the campaign does not
work out.
Yeah.
Do you have this is this are you talking about the end is here part.
Yeah yeah.
Okay Jason you have there you want me to do it.
Oh I do have that.
Yeah the end is here.
Well it looks like that rad fink Eisner has finally done it.
Mr.
Toad had his last wild ride on Labor Day September 7th 1998.
Wow well and what I saw big at the top of the website you know the website obviously says save
Mr.
Toad's wild ride but then they had to do it in past tense and it became we tried to save Mr.
Toad's wild ride but Eisner doesn't care about you.
That hurts the for the notion like we don't like that.
Yeah I don't accept that.
So yeah there's a he couldn't like if he's if he was still looking at this website I mean if he
had an advisor they shouldn't tell him this because I don't they wouldn't want to upset him.
But if he was looking he might have been up in like assaulted he might have sat with him the
rest of the day.
Somebody get me an internet machine.
I'm going to do it I'm going to go.
Oh Mr.
Eisner no I don't believe you should be like.
I know tune in however you do it to Miami.
edu.
Then the five assistants none of them know how to do it either.
Right.
And then after 70 minutes finally he is on finally save Mr.
Toad's wild ride and it's
three graphics have loaded.
What is that's wait all right it's loading.
But Eisner maybe it's going to say but Eisner is the most handsome man.
Does it all night.
That's right that's good I want to get that word out there.
There's one of those websites that loads left to right.
Yeah left to right.
I.
Isner doesn't take breaks he works tirelessly to create new rides and his office.
Yeah then you see yeah he's well the second yeah.
Eisner doesn't car pull to work that's right to my own on board proud of it.
And the second one yeah he would like a rat friend or something.
Well it looks like that red thing a rat friend I guess you wouldn't his name was
a free house owner.
That's right I did just have it fumigated.
Rat think is such an odd old timey.
Oh I love it yeah.
Like yeah yeah yeah I know it's 1920s.
Yeah that's a character we don't talk about a lot on the show either rat think.
Oh yeah yeah you know those little the little mad car drivers.
Yeah kind of Mario Kart ask.
Oh true why did nobody make a Mario Kart out of rat think.
Yeah Jason you see he's this guy.
Wacky racers.
No no it's this guy you've seen him.
Oh yeah yeah.
Green mouse.
Oh and the cars yeah the class cars.
Baris Baris Otto is that that guy's name.
Oh that's a good question.
He was this has to do with Paris.
Oh okay.
Okay hold on a second.
I think I'm seeing that he was he was created by Ed Big Daddy Roth.
Who was conceived as an anti-hero to Mickey Mouse.
So rat think is the anti-Mickey.
Interesting and I just just looked up rat think and it popped up something 2006 called
Tales of the Rat Fink and it says this movie burns rubber and it lists the credits of who's
in it and Margaret Tom Wolf Matt Groening Steve Austin Brian Wilson John Goodman and Jay Leno.
What is this a documentary.
That's what it can't be.
This is not an animated rat think movie.
Starring Brian Wilson and Jay Leno 2006.
It's a narrative film not a.
I'm pretty versed in the acting work of Brian Wilson and I don't want to say he's not good.
Okay hold on.
He's a better musician.
Hold on a second.
Wait a minute.
It's no no no John Goodman plays Ed Big Daddy Roth.
Jay Leno plays flamethrower.
Steve Austin plays heavy Chevy.
What is Brian Wilson.
Hold on I'm trying to find it.
This is another.
Dick Smothers is in it.
I don't want to give away just a future type but why not let's let's whet the appetite.
We've been talking about an episode about Jay Leno's acting career.
I know.
And I due to his performance and we're back there's a whole.
Wow we found another one.
Brian Wilson is the surfeit voice.
Gibbons is an animated movie about the creator of rat think and then maybe rat think also in it I guess.
Because John Goodman is Big Daddy.
Ted Rosnick is rat think.
Dick Smothers is the station wagon.
And what is that.
Which one just died Tom Tom is in it.
Jason this is called the tales of the rat think.
The life and times of famed hot rod and custom car designer Ed Big Daddy Roth.
Wow Jay Leno.
It's still listed as a documentary.
I wonder if this kind of goes maybe this is kind of a.
This is playing with the form I think.
Yeah yeah yeah.
A genre list.
Yeah very daring kind of an art film maybe.
All right well again we're going to have we're going through all of I don't I already don't
remember the we're back character but we got to talk about flamethrower we got to talk about Jay
Limo there's so much to.
You can rent tales of the rat think on Apple TV or Amazon.
All right news.
Well done done.
Okay Jay Leno's acting career coming suggested for Club 3 if you will.
We're going to do it either way.
You know what maybe don't waste your vote.
Don't we'll be doing it.
You know us we'll be doing it.
Wow all right.
Well there's so much just seeing the word rat think.
Yeah.
I'm just I'm just glad we made it to this website just for that.
But anyway I mean like I do think that these ultimately were pretty like calm.
It maybe got a little more not rowdy necessarily but like it was a bigger they started doing it
every week but I think these were just like kind of friendly nice celebrations of a fun ride.
They even got friendly with a guy they called Dave the fantasy land manager.
Yes.
Was sympathetic to the cause who was like it probably was like I'm gonna let you do it
because I like Mr.
Toad too.
Yeah sure.
I think they got a lot of cast members support because it's Mr.
Toad.
Mr.
Toad is great.
That way the poo ride is fine but it doesn't have the spark.
It's not like it's not a it's not a hit.
It's just like a ride that like fills a need right.
Yeah and that's American poo rides in general.
That's the.
Yeah everything but Japan.
But I know absolutely.
But the last day I think gets a little a little crazier
because they get there and they get the good the map the guidebook out and it says in that spot many
adventures of Winnie the Pooh coming.
It doesn't even say Mr.
Toad.
Yeah.
As they say the vultures couldn't even wait until the body was cold.
Hell it was still alive and well.
That is a little crazy.
That's pretty grim.
Yeah they're never going to make that mistake again either I don't think.
No because now they really I think they tested the waters here and they know there's money to
be made in like a goodbye.
Yes.
It's a farewell.
Celebrate.
Yeah yeah.
Dave the fantasy land manager wasn't there but he said he expressed his condolences and he said he
told told everybody to be good and they were incentivized to there were a lot of news outlets
on the final day.
Here's an example this is the kind of this is what they would encounter.
They were selling t-shirts and an employee walked up and said you know that's illegal right.
And they said yeah we know and they said well okay.
And that was the end of that.
I think this is just an awkward.
Yeah.
Disney just let it happen because they didn't know what what to do and it wasn't actually
that violent or and they probably like sussed out like all right I see these types.
These are internet guys I think were and at that time internet guys didn't have to be
feared.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Today.
I think they said like cast members like we were worried you were going to like lay on the track.
Yes I saw that.
Right.
Cuff themselves.
Yeah they're pretty hard like after a few of these quote unquote toad ins some of which
were unofficial the website guy said so because he just like yeah he went with a couple buddies
and wrote it with the t-shirts on.
It's really funny like a toad in is what does toad mean.
Ah means we go ride the ride and stand around outside for a while.
Do you like you stay in it for one that you can't.
No no.
The lines you want ultimately so.
I want other people to enjoy it so.
No they let us ride twice sometimes in this slow.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Well let's look this is like an interesting little movement and it made I made us think about you
know rides we wouldn't want to close and whatever but are you also but once you actually looked into
it aren't you like well I mean what what we want here let's be honest is the January 6th of
ride closures.
I would say yes if you're saying you want the toad in people to go and like take the cars off the
tracks and drive them around Disneyland.
Oh now we're cooking yeah yeah yeah.
That is more effective.
They like jerry-rig little motors that they know that'll make it work not on a track.
Right.
They like jam those together.
They like.
Right.
Quickly you know let's do it safely let's let's just like give the employees like a you know like a
knockout gas for 10 minutes right so they can get in there right commandeer those vehicles.
Start driving them around like why are there a bunch of why are there Mr.
Toad vehicles in
Frontierland and they're blocking the big thunder track.
The problem is these people have too much reverence for it.
To be quiet I don't want to hurt the ride.
But if it's closing you know.
I guess that's true.
This is what they I think they should have gotten it up to the they should have played it cool
until the moment and like that's the last one and then all of a sudden like we go Joker here.
Yeah well you know what like they should have done they should have brought like
they should have brought like props to imitate the scenes so like big beer glasses and stuff
and they should have gotten out and sort of drinking beer on the ride.
Drinking in the bar.
In the bar.
And then they should have populated the ride with people doing the things that the ride is showing
you.
Oh yeah sure.
And that way you're not destroying things but you're causing a big problem.
Somebody is a devil.
There is a pitchfork.
There's one person who's dressed as a little devil.
It's real it's not a prop it's not from all the way to store.
It's got the John Lovett's devil costume from Saturday Night Live.
They did say on the last ride when it's like the last few rides of the day cast members were
scattered throughout the ride like hiding just to make sure they weren't gonna go like you know.
Mm hmm.
Like I'm doing this for Mr.
Toad and Jodie Foster like you know.
They were always like a little cautious I think but yeah I wonder how many people you could hide
because it's just although it's Disney World I was gonna say on the Disneyland version
such close quarters it's like I feel like I'd be able to see a person hiding somewhere but maybe.
Not if you dress them in black and they go up on the ceiling and kind of like hit every you know.
Spider-Man it.
Yeah there you go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
Yes so.
So.
The tea that I would like there to be a tea and on shaman that would be that would be preferable.
Uh huh.
Somebody in a big amphibious coat.
Bae he's dressed as a badger.
Mm hmm.
Badger on his head maybe.
Yeah oh that well that might be.
Like a real life badger skin.
Yeah you could keep it furry sure.
So yeah that would make sense.
You maybe gotta you know if they're tearing the ride apart maybe that's not gonna make the
impact that you gotta hit them where it hurts you gotta go to Cinderella Castle.
I want.
Yeah yeah.
Let's all right well so we'll call him the being on shaman he's he's up.
You gotta bend as a badger bro.
And he he didn't they take the castle.
That's what that's what I want.
I want all these guys I want the ask me why they're killing Mr.
Toad.
I want them all climbing the castle walls.
And for some reason Michael Eisner was dining in the castle that day.
As he did every day.
As he did every day in Orlando.
He fly to Orlando at lunch.
Even though hardcore fans don't know about this it's actually the safest part of the park.
Cinderella.
We thought I started.
Get him to the safe house.
Uh huh yeah they had the secret tunnel they had to rush him from Cinderella's Castle to.
They do have the tunnels they have the tunnels.
The tunnels.
Yeah they're they're prime for a situation like this.
There's an emergency sort of evacuation tunnel from Cinderella's Castle right to the 50s prime
time cafe and then he stayed there drove a car out drove one of the little cars.
Watched some topper and calm down.
Topper's done it again.
They start calling for the hanging of owl.
Uh huh.
There was some there in reality they were they people did start chanting Eisner sucks.
Sure.
And that's why ultimately I have to.
That's why we have to condemn the protests.
We condemn the actions of September 6th or September 7th 1998.
That is not who we are as a people by that I mean Disney fans.
Disneyland weirdos.
Mm hmm.
We're weird but not that weird.
Yeah yeah.
We are we are we honor the the top chair in the land that being the chairman and CEO of
the Walt Disney Company.
Mostly because it was Eisner at the time.
It was happening with JPEG we would have been so into it.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Now with with Eiger.
Mm hmm.
But because of the time of the man the respect we have and have for the man.
We cannot endorse this.
In another world would it have but would it have been us.
Perhaps.
But.
I would I trusted.
We would JPEG goes to one of those he goes to one of the showers.
Ah there's a guy in there.
Other shower.
Wait I'm sorry hang on I messed that up is there only one I was thinking of the phrase
double showers but there's only one shower but with but the CEO would do a double shower.
Well Eiger is the double shower guy.
But he didn't have two showers.
He didn't have two separate showers he would take two showers in the office and Eisner
was the one who installed the shower in the office.
I mean the shower in the office is odd and the double shower days is odd but I didn't
mean to paint that although maybe maybe JPEG was so weird.
It too.
That one hasn't come out yet he had two showers installed.
Why he doesn't care to wash.
Can we do an episode on the shower in the office.
I did used to work for a company where the CEO.
You said you said.
You said it already.
And but the other thing I remembered is that they would often email blast everyone like
hey they can't use their operative.
And that just always makes me laugh thinking about that and then thinking about the Eisner
like the assistants going like love he's out of the office can we use the shower.
And just to get if you get if you find the episodes wrapping up if you feel like telling
a certain story that's fine but just remember it's a suitcase story.
Well I actually don't want to tell that story but I do have a little it's not really related
to the story but it's a Casamigos and then them that I think we need to look into because I was
at the Morrison the restaurant over here in Burbank and there was a special Casamigos
menu or a drink menu and it was curated by a sort of like a drink specialist with a name on it and
I was like who's this.
This is a Casamigos like drink expert and maybe this is the next character in the Casamigos
verse to explore.
The guy who works at the restaurant we have to talk about.
I don't know.
The Burbank local restaurant.
I don't think.
Localizing.
No I think it's like a Casamigos employee that curated it I could be wrong.
Distribute.
I'll have to look at the menu I took a photo of this I'm glad you brought this up because
I almost forgot about it.
I'm glad someone's glad I brought it up.
I didn't find this person to have a parasocial relationship with them.
I love pretending I'm friends with a drink programmer.
A drink it would be nice to be friends with a drink programmer.
It's becoming a stretch I feel because Casamigos it's a good tequila.
The tequila's not funny.
Okay cocktails created by Casamigos VP of cocktails, Kristen Clark.
So there's a VP of cocktails which is a fun title you have to admit that's a fun title to
have at a company.
VP of cocktails.
Okay yeah.
Okay so I'm gonna look into it.
To have a good year's hire but like yeah I guess it's funny at a liquor company too.
It'd be funny to have it.
If a non-licker company had a VP of cocktails.
Yeah a VP of cocktails.
Not anymore it's not the 60s.
Can I read a comment on the one of the board the message boards they have here.
I've killed before and I will kill again.
So they have on the website they just have people like with email comments and they just
list everyone's name and their email so you could still I'm sure some of these emails still work
but I just wanted to read from should I read his name let's just say his email is cloudcity
at rocketmail.
com okay and he just wrote he wrote I know it's over still I cling I don't know where
I can go the Smiths which is really like it hit him hard and then he wanted he said I just wanted
to thank you all for the work you did on behalf of Mr.
Toad's Wild Ride it was one of the best
rides in the park and I'm sure as you're sure you're all well too too aware that's not maybe
the right sense I only found your website today as I was looking up Disney World info and expectation
of my trip too late I have a vision of myself falling to my knees before the construction
and crying out you bastards a la Charlton Heston Charlton Heston Charlton Heston and Planet of the
Apes I can't read today I was just at Disneyland three months ago and I got to ride Mr.
Toad there
I know it's not the same as having it just a few hours from your home but try to take some solace
in the fact that Mr.
Toad lives on in California and then he leaves us with a quote be fair everyone
wants Mr.
Toad's Wild Ride Brody from Mall Rats I think that sort of sums up how I feel about it
Wow the first mention of California Mr.
Toad and also somehow the first mention of a Mall Rats
dialogue line of the from this year you mean or for today oh on that website okay like I
you would think because they say Mr.
Toad yeah yeah yeah just the vibe of it you think you would have
seen both of those things a lot sooner as with every new year on the podcast I fear how much
Kevin Smith content there will be hmm that there's never a plan for the Kevin Smith content it just
comes up I swear there's not this year I'm targeting Billy Corgan to be on the show
focus the energies and that's why I think that VP of Cocktails is just going to distract you from
the Corgan you might be right all projects aside besides you might be right yeah I think that's how
it's got to be yeah uh and I think we made it you survived podcast the ride thanks for subscribing
to club three your bravery saved the podcast well done freedom fighters and as always keep the
save toad movement in your heart be inspired by it by the the well not the ability to create change
because it didn't but 50 people all had fun together that's something we've made happen
from time to time in our alright I think we can boast that I think we've equaled the save toad
movement so remember that you always have the possibility to get a bunch of other theme park
loving people from the internet together for something that doesn't get out of hand and with
that as always there is there's movements every month here on club three we need four more topics
I do wish good good luck to the mass magician I don't necessarily endorse the mass magician
specifically because something else might we might fall in love with but uh I don't know now I'm just
picturing the mass magician flying as that superman song plays the tragic more than a bird oh five
fighting Superman not three doors down Superman yeah yeah yeah yeah no the sadder again I think
all of these will probably be discussed many times here in 2020 or 2024 oh yeah well and we'll see
it's a five for fighting year 2024 I just can't feel it no three doors down all five for fighting
you think 2025 because it says five no you're actually wrong that's where it's unexpected in
that way
